QUIZ:CySA+
TOTAL:280

QUESTION 1

Which of the following is not an example of reconnaissance or gathering information of the target company through open source intelligence?

A. Using LinkedIn and other social media to gather e-mail addresses of top executives
B. Performing passive reconnaissance by capturing packets and scanning ports
C. Monitoring job sites to learn what technologies are used
D. Performing DNS harvesting of company network data from external DNS servers

Correct Answer: B

Explination:Capturing packets and scanning ports are not examples of passive reconnaissance. Scanning ports is considering active reconnaissance. If your activities could create entries in a log, then those actions are not passive. 


QUESTION 2

What is the name of the command-line version of Wireshark?

A. nmap
B. tcpdump
C. Nessus
D. TShark

Correct Answer: D

Explination: TShark is the command-line interface of Wireshark


QUESTION 3

You’re at an employee’s workstation. You need to quickly determine what other machines this system is talking to. You don’t have time to install extra tools. What command-line utility and command-line switch will reveal connections between this workstation and others?

A. tcpdump -i -eth0
B. nikto -host
C. netstat -a
D. nbtstat -A

Correct Answer: C

Explination: The utility netstat is on the workstation and is already a part of the operating system. Netstat is a command-line utility for viewing network statistics information, such as what connections and protocols are in use. The command-line switch -a will display all connections and listening ports.


QUESTION 4

You suspect an employee’s workstation may be the source of malicious traffic. Which of the following steps is the best course of action to determine both the type of traffic and this workstation’s participation in the traffic?

A. Set up packet capturing on a network device upstream from the workstation.
B. Set up packet capturing on the suspect workstation.
C. Set up packet capturing on a small group of servers identified as targets.
D. Install antivirus software on the suspect workstation.

Correct Answer: B

Explination: Capturing packets from the suspect workstation will yield complete information regarding this workstation as the source, thus demonstrating both the types of traffic and how the workstation fits into the situation.


QUESTION 5

Utilizing search sites as well as professional and social media sites with the goal of gathering contact information is an example of what?

A. CVSS
B. OSINT
C. Social Engineering
D. Phishing

Correct Answer: B

Explination: OSINT, or open source intelligence, refers to gathering information about a target without directly interacting with that target’s infrastructure.

QUESTION 6

A small business is concerned about the threat of social media profiling on its employees. Which of the following actions could you take to best mitigate the threat?

A. Demonstrate phishing examples to the users.
B. Increase the level of detail in the system logs.
C. Review the social media application logs with management.
D. Review job site listings with HR and systems administrators.

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Phishing e-mails are a common result of targeted social media profiling. Showing users the dangers of phishing might improve their social profiles.


QUESTION 7

Which of the following is not an example of a virtualization technology?

A. Containers
B. Software-defined networking
C. Mirroring
D. Hypervisors

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Mirroring describes a technique of fault tolerance in storage, or in the case of switch ports, it describes copying network traffic. Mirroring is not a virtualization technology.


QUESTION 8

Which of the following is a Type 2 hypervisor?

A. VMware Player
B. Microsoft Hyper-V
C. VMware ESX
D. Kernel-based Virtual Machine

Correct Answer: A

Explination: VMware Player is a Type 2 hypervisor, which means it runs from within an operating system.


QUESTION 9

Which of the following is not an actual cloud computing technology?

A. Iaas
B. SaaS
C. PaaS
D. SDN

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Although SDN (or software-defined networking) is a virtualization technology, it is not necessarily in the cloud.


QUESTION 10

You are tasked with scanning across the network space 192.168.2.x and identifying what operating systems are presently running. Select the correct tool and command-line switch necessary to determine what operating systems are running on that subnet.

A. nikto -Version 192.168.2.0
B. nmap -O 192.168.2.0/24
C. syslog -network 192.168.2.0-192.168.2.254
D. netstat -a 192.168.2.0 /24

Correct Answer: B

Explination: Nmap is capable of detecting operating systems, and the command-line syntax shown is correct.


QUESTION 11

Referring to the command below, select from the following actions what the person’s likely intentions are.
# nikto -host 192.168.2.19

A. Assessing what web vulnerabilities are present
B. Inventorying the web configuration settings
C. Locating the host web server from the network
D. Reviewing the web server’s HTTP methods

Correct Answer: A

Explination: The tool shown is Nikto, a web vulnerability scanner. The person used Nikto to scan for vulnerabilities on the web server at address 192.168.2.19


QUESTION 12

A company has suffered a recent incident where a print server was infected with malware and began aggressively scanning other machines on the network. The malware-infected server was identified only after a significant number of other machines were experiencing issues. Although the problem was contained, the timing was an issue. The company asks you to suggest how responding to problems like this could be done more quickly.
What do you suggest?

A. The company should review the firewall rules for areas to improve.
B. The company should install an IDS on the network.
C. The company should install an IPS on the network.
D. The company should scan for further vulnerable print servers.

Correct Answer: C

Explination: An IPS would not only identify the problem but immediately react to contain or eliminate it.


QUESTION 13

What is a primary challenge to using cloud storage versus on-premises storage?

A. On-premises storage doesn’t permit mobile access.
B. Expensive software licensing and hardware for cloud services.
C. Cloud resources put more emphasis on identity management.
D. Limited options for cloud computing.

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Identity management becomes ever more important when users are accessing resources away from your control.


QUESTION 14

Wireshark and tcpdump are examples of what kind of application?

A. Syslog aggregators
B. Packet analyzers
C. Intrusion detection systems
D. Port scanners

Correct Answer: B

Explination: Wireshark and tcpdump are packet capturing and analysis tools. Both will allow you to capture and view packets as well as perform varying levels of analysis on network traffic.


QUESTION 15

Which of the following is not included when capturing packet headers but is provided with full packet capture?

A. Source address
B. Payload
C. Protocol flags
D. Destination address
E. 

Correct Answer: B

Explination: The payload is not captured when only the packet header is captured.


QUESTION 16

Which of the following statements is not true when it comes to syslog?

A. Syslog supports a broad range of devices and events.
B. Messages can be aggregated into a single, nonhierarchical feed.
C. Devices are polled for messages, echoing back to a syslog server.
D. The syslog protocol and messaging come native in most firewalls and network devices as well as most *nix systems

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Syslog does not “poll” devices for event messages. Syslog messages are only sent to a syslog server, with no prompting.


QUESTION 17

A company is frustrated by its firewall’s inability to catch higher-level malicious attacks, such as SQL injection and cross-site scripting (XSS). The firewall is unable to distinguish between valid HTTP traffic and malicious attacks when such traffic traverses the firewall on port 80. What do you see as the primary limitation of the firewall?

A. The firewall is an application-layer firewall, unable to identify the higher-layer data.
B. The firewall needs to be partnered with an IDS or IPS.
C. The firewall rules need to be reviewed and likely changed.
D. The firewall is a layer 3 or 4 device and should be replaced with an application-layer 

Correct Answer: D

Explination: The problem described seems to point to a standard firewall that’s unable to inspect application-layer traffic. It should be replaced with a capable, application-layer firewall.


QUESTION 18

If an attacker is using nmap to map the network topology, which of the returned states of the port scans provides the least information?

A. Unfiltered
B. Filtered
C. Closed
D. Open

Correct Answer: B

Explination: Filtered state means the nmap probe scan was unable to reach the port, to hear back whether the port was open or closed. This would make the attacker’s efforts most difficult in mapping the network topology in order to understand the various network areas such DMZ, perimeter devices, and other key network components.


QUESTION 19

What would be an appropriate tool for performing service discovery on a large network?

A. An IDS (but no IPS) placed anywhere on the servers’ local subnet
B. A HIDS placed on a target server
C. Any tool able to review firewall logs or router ACLs
D. A port scanner

Correct Answer: D

Explination: A port scanner would quickly reveal what ports (and the services behind them) are open and listening on devices on the scanned network.


QUESTION 20

When you’re capturing packets on a wireless network versus a wired network, which of the following statements are true? (Choose all that apply.)

A. Using promiscuous mode to view all packets applies on both wired and wireless networks.
B. Being in monitor mode allows for the capture of all 802.11 activity, without connection to the access point.
C. Wireless signals can be relatively limited beyond a physical presence such as a fence.
D. Strong, secure encryption provides no protection against data exposed via eavesdropping.

Correct Answer: AB

Explination: A is correct because promiscuous mode, if supported by the wireless card, is what allows the card to process all 802.11 activity, not just traffic targeted to that card. B is correct because monitor mode allows the same visibility to all activity, even without being connected to an access point.


QUESTION 21

Which of the following data sources would offer the least diverse, most precise kind of information?

A. Syslogs
B. Firewalls logs
C. Packet captures
D. Nmap results

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Nmap results are particularly focused as port scans and only contain the information asked for, depending on the command-line switches the operator uses.


QUESTION 22

What device combines the functionality of a traditional firewall and an IPS?

A. Next-Generation Firewall
B. DSN firewall
C. Enterprise firewall
D. Discovery firewall

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Next-Generation Firewall combines a traditional firewall with intrusion detection and prevention.


QUESTION 23

Which of the following are the two types of approaches to analyzing data?

A. Compare and contrast
B. Correlation
C. Patterned
D. Point-in-time

Correct Answer: BD

Explination: Point-in-time analysis describes examining data around a snapshot in time, whereas correlation analysis focuses on anomalies or changes over time, whether you’re searching for abnormal behavior, some outlier, or a trend.


QUESTION 24

In an IP packet header, what field value is decremented with each interface the packet goes through?

A. Fragment offset
B. ToS
C. TTL
D. IHL

Correct Answer: C

Explination: TTL stands for Time To Live, the value set for how many hops a packet has to go through before ending and expiring. The starting value for TTL varies based on operating system, but the more popular OSs use a value of either 255 or 128.


QUESTION 25

Which of the following is an example of point-in-time analysis?

A. Anomaly analysis
B. Behavioral analysis
C. Availability analysis
D. Traffic analysis

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Traffic analysis is an example of point-in-time analysis.


QUESTION 26

Recently, a few users have been complaining that their workstations are exhibiting some strange behavior. However, you find no obvious events showing up in system logs, and the application logs show nothing out of the ordinary. You suspect the issue could be new malware and decide to delve deeper.
-
You inspect logs from multiple sources. Your hope is to find some odd behavior. What type of analysis are you performing now?

A. Trend
B. Heuristics
C. Packet capture
D. Spatial trend

Correct Answer: B

Explination: The scenario portrays a new, unknown behavior. From that, you know you cannot rely on known threats. This will require heuristics analysis.


QUESTION 27

Recently, a few users have been complaining that their workstations are exhibiting some strange behavior. However, you find no obvious events showing up in system logs, and the application logs show nothing out of the ordinary. You suspect the issue could be new malware and decide to delve deeper.
-
Based on your assumptions, how will you likely discover the malware?

A. The packet trace will reveal a port famous for malware.
B. The IDS log will show a matched signature.
C. Your experience will guide your analysis.
D. The long-term degradation in availability.

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Heuristic analysis can’t rely on a signature or known behavior. Instead, experience best guides your analysis.


QUESTION 28

Recently, a few users have been complaining that their workstations are exhibiting some strange behavior. However, you find no obvious events showing up in system logs, and the application logs show nothing out of the ordinary. You suspect the issue could be new malware and decide to delve deeper.
-
Select the most valuable data sources in this analysis. (Choose two.)

A. IDS/IPS
B. Router logs
C. Security logs of affected servers
D. Next-Generation Firewall

Correct Answer: AD

Explination: The intrusion detection/prevention system very likely logged information relevant for your analysis. Similarly, the firewall might show if or when malicious traffic passed through to the affected systems.


QUESTION 29

Recently, a few users have been complaining that their workstations are exhibiting some strange behavior. However, you find no obvious events showing up in system logs, and the application logs show nothing out of the ordinary. You suspect the issue could be new malware and decide to delve deeper.
-
Which of the following would be the most valued SIEM tool in this scenario?

A. Bro
B. Snort
C. Splunk
D. ELK

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Bro is both signature- and anomaly-based. Bro will watch sessions, monitoring for strange behavior. Bro is also able to extract executables from network traffic, retaining them for forensic analysis.


QUESTION 30

Your company has used Splunk over many years, during a large growth in infrastructure. Lately, network engineers are complaining that Splunk requires a significant share of the network bandwidth. What might be the best course of action to resolve the network issue?

A. Eliminate the “noisy” SIEM.
B. Make use of heavy forwarders to index data at the source.
C. Have the network engineer run a separate path for the Splunk data.
D. Make the indexers fault tolerant.

Correct Answer: B

Explination: Splunk normally sends raw data onto the universal forwarder to be indexed. Using heavy forwarders instead at each source can accomplish preprocessing, before the event data is forwarded.


QUESTION 31

Given an IP address a security analyst seeks to identify and locate a system. Comparing the outputs below what is the most relevent difference between the two scans.
###############
nmap -O 192.168.2.19
Nmap scan report for 192.168.2.19
Not shown: 993 filtered ports
PORT        STATE   SERVICE
135/TCP     open    msrpc
139/TCP     open    netbios-ssn
445/TCP     open    microsoft-ds
554/TCP     open    rtsp
2869/TCP    open    icslap
5357/TCP    open    wsdapi
10243/TCP   open    unknown
###############
nmap -O 192.168.2.19
Not shown: 988 closed ports
PORT        STATE   SERVICE
135/TCP     open    msrpc
139/TCP     open    netbios-ssn
445/TCP     open    microsoft-ds
554/TCP     open    rtsp
2869/TCP    open    icslap
5357/TCP    open    wsdapi
10243/TCP   open    unknown
49152/TCP   open    unknown
49153/TCP   open    unknown
49154/TCP   open    unknown
49155/TCP   open    unknown
49156/TCP   open    unknown
###############

A. The system represented in Figure 2-1 has several unknown services listening on dynamic ports.
B. The system represented in Figure 2-2 is behind a firewall.
C. The system represented in Figure 2-1 is behind a firewall.
D. The scan shown in Figure 2-1 positively identifies the OS.

Correct Answer: C

Explination: the first scan shows a system that’s likely behind a firewall. This is determined by noticing that the ports are reported as “filtered,” as compared to “closed” in the second scan


QUESTION 32

Which of the following is not a valid Event Log category in Windows desktop systems?

A. Application
B. System
C. Security
D. Storage
E. Audit

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Storage is not an actual Event Log category.


QUESTION 33

A cybersecurity analyst scans the network for servers with TCP port 636 open. What other port can the analyst expect to find open on each of those servers?

A. 22
B. 111
C. 53
D. 389
E. 5000

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Port 636 is open for LDAP over SSL (LDAPS). Any server that has port 636 listening very likely also has LDAP listening on port 389.


QUESTION 34

What tool presents a graphical user interface for nmap?

A. Nessus
B. Zenmap
C. TShark
D. Qualys

Correct Answer: B

Explination: Zenmap is the GUI version of nmap.


QUESTION 35

An analyst is having trouble viewing the logs of a Cisco ASA firewall. What should the analyst type at the command line to verify what logging is enabled?

A. # show running-config logging
B. # log full show
C. # log show all
D. # show run all logging

Correct Answer: A

Explination: The command show running-config logging is the proper one to start with, in order to continue with a specific command for logging onto a Cisco ASA firewall.

QUESTION 36

After running tcpdump, an analyst reviews the output, which includes the following line:
######
16:35:39.834754 > badguy.org.1289 > target.net.8008: FP 2921:4105(1184) ack 1 win 32120 (DF)
#######
  What does the “FP” represent?

A. Final Packet
B. First Packet
C. Fin Push
D. Forward Packet

Correct Answer: C

Explination: The “F” stands for Fin, and the “P” for Push. The words Fin and Push denote what TCP flags were set (for example, Fin, Push, Urg, Syn, Reset, or Ack).


QUESTION 37

The director of technology has decided that the company requires an IDS. As the senior security analyst, you recommend Snort. The director requests that you flag any SSH request traffic coming from a known competitor’s network. Examine the following rules and select the one that alerts if traffic originates from the network at 12.34.56.x/24 and is destined for the company’s own web server (IP address 210.67.79.89).

A. alert tcp 210.67.78.89 -> 12.34.56.0/24 80
B. alert tcp 12.34.56.0 24 -> 210.67.79.89 21
C. alert tcp 210.67.78.89 80 -> 12.34.56.0/24 any
D. alert tcp 12.34.56.0 24 -> 210.67.79.89 22

Correct Answer: D

Explination: The Snort rule correctly alerts if an SSH request (over 22/TCP) comes from the network 12.34.56.0/24 to the company web server at 210.67.79.89.


QUESTION 38

Users inform a security analyst that network performance is poor. The security analyst takes a quick look at a packet capture to determine if anything is obvious. Based on the capture below what should be the security analyst’s first impression?
#########################################################
No. Time        Source      Destination     Info                                Protocal
1   0.000000    Cisco251    Broadcast       Who has x.x.x.x? tell 24.166.172.1  ARP
2   0.098598    Cisco251    Broadcast       Who has x.x.x.x? tell 24.166.172.1  ARP
3   0.110617    Cisco251    Broadcast       Who has x.x.x.x? tell 24.166.172.1  ARP
4   0.211791    Cisco251    Broadcast       Who has x.x.x.x? tell 24.166.172.1  ARP
5   0.216744    Cisco251    Broadcast       Who has x.x.x.x? tell 24.166.172.1  ARP
6   0.307909    Cisco251    Broadcast       Who has x.x.x.x? tell 24.166.172.1  ARP
7   0.330433    Cisco251    Broadcast       Who has x.x.x.x? tell 24.166.172.1  ARP
8   0.408556    Cisco251    Broadcast       Who has x.x.x.x? tell 24.166.172.1  ARP
9   0.455104    Cisco251    Broadcast       Who has x.x.x.x? tell 24.166.172.1  ARP
10  0.486666    Cisco251    Broadcast       Who has x.x.x.x? tell 24.166.172.1  ARP
11  0.504694    Cisco251    Broadcast       Who has x.x.x.x? tell 24.166.172.1  ARP
12  0.510684    Cisco251    Broadcast       Who has x.x.x.x? tell 24.166.172.1  ARP
13  0.540733    Cisco251    Broadcast       Who has x.x.x.x? tell 24.166.172.1  ARP
14  0.587308    Cisco251    Broadcast       Who has x.x.x.x? tell 24.166.172.1  ARP
15  0.662937    Cisco251    Broadcast       Who has x.x.x.x? tell 24.166.172.1  ARP

A. ARP storm
B. DDoS
C. DoS
D. Broadcast storm

Correct Answer: A

Explination: The displayed packet list reveals a barrage of ARP packets. The ARP protocol resolves the hardware or MAC address to an IP address. ARP storms can be caused by malicious tools or by misconfigured network connections (for example, a bridging loop).


QUESTION 39

What would be an appropriate tool for analyzing bandwidth consumption on the network?

A. Wireshark
B. TShark
C. NetFlow
D. IDS

Correct Answer: C

Explination: NetFlow Analyzer shows network bandwidth consumption, along with other metrics concerning the network utilization and health.


QUESTION 40

Which of the following are key challenges to analyzing wireless networks? (Choose all that apply.)

A. High confidence in the hardware addresses of wireless devices
B. Recognizing what devices are authorized
C. Having an inventory of all WAPs
D. Determining whether the network is in ad-hoc or infrastructure mode

Correct Answer: AB

Explination: A is correct because the hardware or MAC addresses of wireless devices are fairly simple to modify. Most operating systems provide this ability without requiring special software. B is correct because wireless devices are so commonplace that the number of connected devices changes constantly—especially in an environment with a bring-your-own-device (BYOD) policy.


QUESTION 41

Currently a company web server is outside the company’s internal network. The web server needs to be available for public access, but the external exposure poses a large, continuous risk. What is the most relevant recommendation for the company to mitigate risk to the web server?

A. Implement a triple-homed firewall.
B. Utilize IDS on the web server.
C. Segment the internal network.
D. Isolate the web server from the network.

Correct Answer: A

Explination: A triple-homed firewall is a firewall with three distinct networks attached—typically the external, the internal, and a DMZ. The DMZ is where the web server would be placed, accessible from the outside but more protected.


QUESTION 42

Which of the following are benefits of network segmentation? (Choose 3.)

A. Improving network traffic
B. Mitigating risk from attackers
C. Simpler network topology
D. Preventing spillover of sensitive data
E. Streamlining access to applications and services

Correct Answer: ABD

Explination: Network segmentation benefits include improving traffic, mitigating network risks, and preventing spillover of sensitive traffic from one network segment to another.


QUESTION 43

On occasion, the administrators for the company servers are offsite. However, when required, they need access to the servers on the internal network. What would be your recommendation?

A. Implement a firewall with a port of which only administrators are aware.
B. Allow administrators to bypass the firewall only if using their own mobile devices.
C. Configure the web server on the DMZ as a jump server.
D. Install and configure a stand-alone jump box just inside the firewall.

Correct Answer: D

Explination: A jump box would give administrators special access to the internal network. A jump box should be a stand-alone server, with no unnecessary services or ports open that an attacker could possibly exploit.


QUESTION 44

A “captive portal” is an example of which of the following?

A. DAC
B. In-band NAC
C. Out-of-band NAC
D. Role-based NAC

Correct Answer: B

Explination: A captive portal is a form of in-band network access control.


QUESTION 45

NAC solutions grant access based on which of the following? (Choose all that apply.)

A. Roles
B. Rules
C. Rates
D. Location
E. System level patch
F. Time of day

Correct Answer: ABDEF

Explination: Network access control types include role-based, rule-based, location-based, the system’s health, and the time of day.


QUESTION 46

To learn more about today’s threats, a cybersecurity analyst could install a system that appears as a typical server but is available only as a lure for attackers. What is such a system called?

A. Jump server
B. Intrusion detection system
C. Honeypot
D. RBAC box
E. Micro-segmented server

Correct Answer: C

Explination: The administrator wants a honeypot to lure in attackers in order to learn from their activities.


QUESTION 47

Which of the following are direct impacts of employing ACLs? (Choose two.)

A. Controlling access
B. Restricting malware from spreading
C. Filtering specific traffic
D. Enabling direct network routes

Correct Answer: AC

Explination: A is correct because an access control list is primarily for controlling access. C is correct because using ACLs is a primary means of filtering traffic.


QUESTION 48

The following text is an example of a what?
#############
deny icmp 172.16.0.0 0.15.255.255 192.168.50.0 0.0.0.255

A. Spam filter
B. Access control list
C. VPN tunnel setup
D. IGMP setup

Correct Answer: B

Explination: The string “deny icmp 192.168.50.0 0.0.0.255 172.16.0.0 0.15.255.255” is an access control list that denies ICMP traffic originating from the 192.168.50.0 subnet targeting any addresses between 172.16.0.0 and 172.31.255.255.


QUESTION 49

In the following ACL, what does “10.235.235.235” represent?
##############
permit tcp 10.15.0.0 0.255.255.255 10.235.235.235 0.255.255.255

A. Subnet mask
B. Source address
C. Destination address
D. The filtered port

Correct Answer: C

Explination: The 10.235.235.235 in the ACL is the destination address.


QUESTION 50

When needing a new server, a company administrator starts with installing a pre-built server image. The image has most services running and applications already installed to make the task as easy as possible. As the cybersecurity analyst, what would be your bestrecommendation for the administrator?

A. Rebuild the server image with as few services and applications as possible.\
B. Rebuild the server image with all services and applications installed but not running.
C. Create several server images depending on the subnet.
D. Run a vulnerability scanner on the already-deployed servers.

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Certainly the best recommendation is to rebuild the image to have enabled only the minimum number of services and applications running. Then the administrator would enable or install only what is needed for the particular target system


QUESTION 51

Which of the following are the method and purpose of a DNS sinkhole? (Choose two.)

A. Redirecting DNS queries away from a known-malicious server
B. Providing no DNS resolution responses
C. Logging DNS resolution requests to determine infected hosts
D. Logging DNS redirects to determine the infected domain

Correct Answer: AC

Explination: The method of a DNS sinkhole is to redirect DNS queries by infected machines away from a known malware server. The purpose of a DNS sinkhole is to log DNS resolution requests to help identify what other machines are likely infected


QUESTION 52

A company has a significant investment in network intrusion detection systems, which are able to inspect traffic with significant speed and reasonable effectiveness. However, a recent incident reveals that employees could use point-to-point encryption to mask data exfiltration. What would be the best recommendation for the company?

A. Upgrade the IDS to an IPS.
B. Employ endpoint security controls.
C. Prohibit all uses of encryption.
D. Replace the suspected employees.

Correct Answer: B

Explination: Endpoint security is a necessary complement to network security. In this case, endpoint security controls would allow inspection of network traffic before it is encrypted


QUESTION 53

What type of network access control is being demonstrated below
####################################################
device              mac address                 allowed days        allowed time
Office Printer      00:25:96:FF:FE:12           mon,tue,wed,thu,fri 9am-7pm
Bills-iphone        0C:0C:0B:14:CD:98           mon,wed,fri         8am-5pm
Bills-ipad          0C:0C:0B:23:FA:99           mon                 8am-8:15pm
Beverlys-iphone     0C:0C:0B:14:CD:E7           mon,tue,wed,thu,fri 8am-5pm

A. Role-based
B. Rule_basedd
C. Time of day
D. Loction

Correct Answer: C

Explination: The device restrictions are shown to be based on the allowed days and times.


QUESTION 54

Ensuring patches are properly tested and deployed can be a challenging but necessary task. Which of the following statements are true regarding patching? (Choose all that apply.)

A. Patch testing should be done very soon after vendor release.
B. Before patches are deployed, patches should be carefully tested, staged, and finally rolled out to production.
C. If done carefully, patches can be tested, staged, and sent to production at the same time.
D. If time is critical, patches can be tested and staged at the same time.

Correct Answer: ABD

Explination: A is correct because patches should be tested within a short time after their release. B is correct because patches should be tested before being installed on production systems. D is correct because, if time is critical, testing and staging could be done in parallel, but before a patch goes on live production systems.


Correct Answer: ABD

Explination: A is correct because patches should be tested within a short time after their release. B is correct because patches should be tested before being installed on production systems. D is correct because, if time is critical, testing and staging could be done in parallel, but before a patch goes on live production systems


QUESTION 55

A cybersecurity analyst has identified a significant vulnerability to the company’s payroll server application. The analyst’s recommendation is to immediately patch the vulnerability. Unfortunately, because the application was developed internally and its developer has since left, the application cannot be patched. Without a patch, the analyst has to use other options to lessen the risk. Such options include using a host-based IDS on the application server and additional logging on upstream network devices. What is the term to describe the analyst’s options?

A. Network isolation
B. Location-based access control
C. Mandatory access control
D. Compensating controls

Correct Answer: D

Explination: The options cited are compensating controls, meaning controls put in place because the primary recommendation (patching) was not available or feasible


QUESTION 56

What hardening technique can be described as “minimizing the attack surface”?

A. Blocking unused ports and services
B. Endpoint security
C. Compensating controls
D. Role-based access control

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Having fewer running services and open ports means fewer possible vectors for attack. Blocking unused or unnecessary ports and services minimizes the area for potential attack and exploitation.


QUESTION 57

What access control model involves granting explicit authorization for a given object, per a given user?

A. Group policies
B. RBAC
C. MAC
D. Role-based

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Mandatory access control requires giving explicit authorization to a given user for a given object. Used rarely outside of military and highly sensitive organizations, the MAC model includes labels for creating levels of access, using the terms Unclassified, Confidential, Secret, and Top Secret.


QUESTION 58

What is a technique that allows system administrators to apply configuration changes to several systems at once?

A. NAC
B. GPO
C. ACL
D. IDS

Correct Answer: B

Explination: Group Policy Objects allow Windows system admins to push system changes to several machines at once.


QUESTION 59

A company would like for access only to be granted if the employee’s laptop meets a number of criteria. Specific conditions that each laptop must meet include only the approved version of Windows, mail application v2.5 or higher, web browser v8.0, and database application v1.18. Also, each laptop must have no unauthorized storage attached. What access control model would you recommend the company use?

A. Location-based
B. Rule-based
C. Role-based
D. Mandatory access control

Correct Answer: B

Explination: Rule-based access control allows for granting access based on all those criteria. Rules are created to identify and determine all the system health and configuration criteria mentioned


QUESTION 60

At the company where you lead the cybersecurity team, a junior analyst misunderstands risk evaluation. You begin explaining how risk evaluation is performed by assessing probability and impact. You end with explaining the main purpose of risk evaluation as a balance between which of the following factors? (Choose two.)

A. Value of a risk
B. Potential cost of a risk
C. Cost of the control to mitigate the risk
D. Potential annual revenue lost
E. Probability of a risk occurring

Correct Answer: AC

Explination: The purpose of risk evaluation is to strike a balance between the determined value of a risk and the determined cost of whatever control is used to mitigate the risk.


QUESTION 61

What levels of company management can provide authorization to conduct penetration testing? (Choose all that apply.)

A. Director of IT security.
B. Chief executive officer or a similar senior executive.
C. Owner(s) of the data.
D. Most senior cybersecurity analyst.
E. Approval is optional until testing results show a need for further analysis.

Correct Answer: BC

Explination: Typically in a medium- to large-sized company, a senior executive or the CEO would be aware of and sanction the penetration testing. In much smaller or private environments, the owner of the data, as the most senior person, can make the decision. In any case, strict rules of engagement would be key to approval.


QUESTION 62

Guidelines are to be drawn up prior any penetration testing can begin, and they determine the exact nature and scope of the testing. What are these guidelines called?

A. Penetration TTP (Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures) document
B. ROE (rules of engagement)
C. Scope and Invoicing document
D. Discovery

Correct Answer: B

Explination: Having the rules of engagement (ROE) is an absolute necessity before beginning any phase of a penetration test. The ROE determine what is within bounds, out of bounds, with whom to communicate, and so on. Most importantly, the approved rules of engagement function as your “get out of jail free” card, considering that without them, the penetration test is likely illegal.


QUESTION 63

The company CEO recently came back from a conference about cybersecurity. He learned that operational control reviews are important to conduct from time to time. The CEO even offered the following answers as ideas to review. Select from the following ideas which are applicable for an operational control review. (Choose all that apply.)

A. Intrusion detection system
B. RADIUS authentication server
C. Security awareness training
D. Acceptable use policy

Correct Answer: CD

Explination: Both the security awareness training and the acceptable use policy (AUP) are examples of operational controls. Operational controls, also called administrative or policy controls, are security controls put into practice from business processes or policies and standards.


QUESTION 64

The company has employed the same encryption methods for a considerably long time. As a new security analyst, you question the effectiveness and strength of the encryption.
What is the best recommendation for how to proceed?

A. Conduct a technical control review of encryption as a technical control.
B. Conduct an operational control review of encryption as an operational control.
C. Perform a risk assessment of the encryption strength.
D. Perform a vulnerability assessment of a server and the data now encrypted.

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Encryption is a technical control. Conducting a technical control review is the best course of action when the long-term effectiveness of a technical control comes into question.


QUESTION 65

The idea of examining a finished product in order to determine what its parts are and how they work together is called what?

A. Process isolation
B. Sandboxing
C. Reverse engineering
D. Risk evaluation

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Taking a finished product apart in order to determine what its parts are and how they work is called reverse engineering.


QUESTION 66

A company hires an outside penetration testing team. A scope is agreed upon, dictating what systems may be involved and what systems may not. The penetration team proceeds with its tasks, all the way up to exploitation, when suddenly a production server is knocked offline. With the possible exception of the authorization, what aspect of penetration testing is now the most critical?

A. Reconnaissance
B. Exploitation
C. Communication
D. Reporting

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Communication is critically important for a penetration test, especially during a crisis, as described.


QUESTION 67

The act of using a one-way function to create a unique, fixed-length value from a variable-length file or string of data is called what?

A. Fingerprinting or hashing
B. Decomposition
C. Qualitative analysis
D. Reverse engineering

Correct Answer: A

Explination: The process to take a string of data or any file of any length through a one-way function to produce a unique fixed-length value is called fingerprinting or hashing.


QUESTION 68

Reverse engineering is done on counterfeit hardware, but what is far more often the object being taken apart?

A. OEM hardware
B. Software or malware
C. Applications developed in-house 
D. Sandboxed network devices

Correct Answer: B

Explination: The typical object being reverse engineered is a piece of software that’s suspected to be or identified as malware


QUESTION 69

During an extensive review of military assets, a cybersecurity analyst discovered that at least one piece of hardware was counterfeit. Although there were no issues that made the counterfeit hardware seem suspicious, there remains a question about expected quality and unknown hidden “features.” It was later revealed that the hardware was purchased from a different manufacturer than the one normally used. What is the primary issue at fault here?

A. OEM documentation
B. Trusted foundry
C. Poorly executed technical control review
D. Source authenticity

Correct Answer: D

Explination: The primary issue is an absence of source authenticity, or assurance that the source of the asset is reputable and authentic.


QUESTION 70

At the conclusion of a penetration test, what phase involves communicating to management about the results and lessons learned?

A. Exploitation
B. Reporting
C. Authorization
D. Lateral movement

Correct Answer: B

Explination: The phase of penetration testing that involves communicating results and lessons learned to management is called reporting.


QUESTION 71

On what type (or types) of training exercises do red, blue, and white teams perform?

A. Tabletop exercises
B. Tabletop and live-fire exercises
C. Live-fire exercises and Tactics, Techniques, and Procedural
D. Live-fire exercises

Correct Answer: B

Explination: The teams referred to as “red,” “blue,” and “white” are used during both live-fire exercises and table-top exercises.


QUESTION 72

In live-fire exercises, three teams play different roles. The first team performs as the exercise moderator, documenting and evaluating the progress of the other two teams. The second team functions as attackers, reconnoitering and exploiting the corporate environment. Finally, the third team is composed of the “good guys,” protecting the environment and countering the activities of the second team. When these teams perform together, this exercise can produce a great deal of lessons learned and actions (hopefully) to better protect the network. From the following answers, select the team color order associated with the respective teams described.

A. White, blue, red
B. Red, blue, white
C. Blue, white, red
D. White, red, blue
E. Red, white, blue
F. Blue, red, white

Correct Answer: D

Explination: The correct team color order is white, red, and blue (that is, the moderators, attackers, and defenders, respectively).


QUESTION 73

When a company is ready to challenge its cybersecurity team in order to determine its strengths and weaknesses, as well as to identify through a “live-fire” exercise what risks should be addressed next, the company would sanction a what?

A. Penetration testing
B. Security awareness training
C. Risk evaluation
D. Hardware review

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Penetration testing is the process whereby a company seeks to test and challenge its cybersecurity team with a simulated attack.


QUESTION 74

Both qualitative analysis and quantitative analysis are approaches to evaluate what aspects of a risk? (Choose two.)

A. Potential monetary loss to the company
B. Likelihood of the risk occurring
C. Severity of impact of the realized risk
D. Material exposure

Correct Answer: BC

Explination: The likelihood of a risk occurring and the impact severity are the two aspects of any risk.


QUESTION 75

Which of the following are valid concerns when considering the timing of penetration testing? (Choose 3.)

A. Availability of the defenders to react to attacks
B. Impact on business operations during normal hours
C. Availability of executive management for reporting
D. Size and scope of the penetration test

Correct Answer: ABD

Explination: The timing of a penetration test is guided by several factors. The most important of those factors are the size and scope of the test, the availability of the cybersecurity staff, and the potential impact on production systems.


QUESTION 76

An organization owns systems that are to be probed during a penetration test. Some of the systems intended for testing are production systems containing protected health information (PHI). What aspect of penetration testing is most in jeopardy of breaking the law due to regulatory compliance?

A. Timing
B. Scope
C. Exploitation
D. Reconnaissance

Correct Answer: B

Explination: The scope of the penetration testing is largely defined by which systems are to be tested, and which systems are not to be tested. The system containing PHI cannot be included within the scope of to-be-tested systems. If penetration testers were to successfully probe for and exfiltrate healthcare information, it would be in violation of federal law.


QUESTION 77

From all the penetration testing phases listed, select the phase that can be described as the riskiest and one where the situation can turn into a crisis most quickly.

A. Reconnaissance
B. Exploitation
C. Timing
D. Report to management
E. Scope

Correct Answer: B

Explination: The process of exploitation during a penetration test can be and often is quite risky. Penetration testers plan and prepare as much as possible for such events, but occasionally systems can give unanticipated responses. This is why authorization is of paramount importance.


QUESTION 78

A company needs a vulnerability scan performed on its internal network. After the company consults with an external cybersecurity analyst, the analyst immediately begins drafting a contract to outline conditions to be met for the scan. These conditions include limiting who is allowed to view the results, specifying what servers and data must not be accessed under any circumstances, and satisfying the company’s need for two types of scans to be done quarterly. Which of the following is the most likely reason behind these conditions?

A. Regulatory requirements
B. Security policy
C. Analyst’s recommendation
D. Past experience deems the contract prudent

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Regulatory requirements are by far the most likely driver of the contract. The conditions stated are examples of regulatory requirements.


QUESTION 79

Regulatory requirements can specify the need for vulnerability scanning when a company is in the financial or health industry. However, what best specifies vulnerability scanning as a requirement without regulatory requirement?

A. CISO mandate
B. Local and/or national legislation
C. Corporate policy
D. NIST 800-53

Corrrect Answer: C

Explination: Corporate policy is the most likely internal source of such requirements


QUESTION 80

What is a technique that allows a company to vary resources spent toward protecting data according to a set value?

A. Data encryption
B. Data classification
C. Data criticality
D. Data storage location

Correct Answer: B

Explination: Data classification provides a method of allocating resources in varying amounts based on the criticality or sensitivity of the data.


QUESTION 81

With regard to asset inventory, how would a cybersecurity analyst classify assets such as financial systems, intellectual property, and a customer-facing ordering system?

A. Noncritical
B. Sensitive
C. Credentialed
D. Critical

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Those asset examples should be deemed critical, versus noncritical.


QUESTION 82

When a company is developing a vulnerability management plan, its assets must be inventoried. Which of the following asset types would be included? (Choose all that apply.)

A. Noncritical
B. Critical
C. Critical only
D. On-site and assets of partners and suppliers

Correct Answer: AB

Explination: Critical and noncritical assets both should be inventoried when developing a vulnerability management plan


QUESTION 83

The frequency with which a company performs vulnerability scanning is dependent upon which of the following criteria? (Choose all that apply.)

A. Scanning policy
B. Vulnerability management planning
C. Risk appetite
D. Regulatory requirements
E. Limitations of time, tools, and personnel

Correct Answer: ABCDE

Explination: All of those criteria are important factors in determining vulnerability scanning frequency.


QUESTION 84

The cybersecurity analyst must consider several factors when determining vulnerability scanning frequency. Criteria such as network bandwidth, systems’ CPU capacity, and number of qualified personnel are examples of which of the following?

A. Soft restrictions
B. Regulatory requirements
C. Technical constraints
D. Budgetary limitations

Correct Answer: C

Explination: These are examples of technical constraints


QUESTION 85

Apart from policies and regulatory requirements, what creates the largest impact on establishing an effective vulnerability scanning process?

A. Regular routine and workflow of personnel
B. Management style of the IT director or head of security
C. Mandates from the chief of information security
D. Personal whims of the CEO

Correct Answer: A

Explination: The regular routine of personnel has a huge enabling impact on vulnerability scanning and management.


QUESTION 86

When a company is configuring tools to perform vulnerability scans, which of the following would be the earliest step?

A. Choosing the tool plug-ins
B. Generating reports
C. Establishing permissions and scanning credentials
D. Establishing scanning criteria

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Establishing scanning criteria would come before the other options.


QUESTION 87

A cybersecurity analyst is performing a vulnerability scan of a few systems, including a server processing protected health information (PHI). The scan of all servers completed successfully, with no interruption of service. To demonstrate proof of weaknesses found during the vulnerability scan, the analyst manages to exfiltrate documents from each server. Which of the following specifications of vulnerability scanning did the analyst likely breach?

A. Using credentials when a noncredentialed scan would suffice.
B. No vulnerability feed was evidenced.
C. Permissions set incorrectly.
D. Considering the sensitivity of the data on the scanned systems.
E. Using agents when a server-based scan would suffice.

Correct Answer: D

Explination: The sensitivity of the data, particularly the PHI, means no exfiltration can happen.


QUESTION 88

Which of the following reasons are valid arguments for using server-based vulnerability scanning instead of agent-based scanning? (Choose 2.)

A. Erratic connectivity to remote and mobile devices
B. Limited bandwidth
C. Limited personnel availability for maintenance
D. Occasional rogue device connecting to the network

Correct Answer: CD

Explination: Less availability of security staff to maintain the scanning agents would be a vote in favor of server-based scanning. Also, a server-based architecture would scan the entire network space and thus be able to detect rogue devices without an agent being installed.


QUESTION 89

When it comes time to execute a vulnerability scan, what are optional tools you might use to launch it? (Choose 2)

A. Nessus
B. Burp Suite
C. OpenVAS
D. Vega
E. FTK
F. Nikto

Correct Answer: ACF

Explination: Nessus, Open Vulnerability Scanner, and Nikto are all top-rate vulnerability scanning tools, with varying levels of options, detailed analysis, and reporting.


QUESTION 90

After you complete your vulnerability scan, creating heaps of output, you need to prepare a report. What are your options?

A. As vulnerability tools rarely generate reports, there’s no need for a report.
B. It’s common to pipe vulnerability tool output to a report generation tool.
C. Nearly all vulnerability scanners generate standardized reports via XML.
D. Every vulnerability tool generates some kind of report, but not using a standardized format.

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Essentially every vulnerability scanner has a way of reporting on the results. Whereas some send output to the screen, others can package results in a PDF, CSV, XML, or other format


QUESTION 91

It’s time to deliver a vulnerability report to the stakeholders. What are your options for distribution? (Choose 2)

A. Automated delivery via the report generation component of the vulnerability scanner
B. Delivered entirely via e-mail to all administrators
C. Delivered manually, through face-to-face meetings
D. E-mailing only the portions immediately relevant to the individual

Correct Answer: AC

Explination: There are two ways to distribute scan results: automated and manual distribution. Some vulnerability tools possess the means to automatically distribute reporting. Still, for the sake of confidentiality, delivering via a face-to-face meeting is preferred, if practical.


QUESTION 92

What remediation step requires careful discussion concerning the scan results, with the goal of satisfying both the concerns of technical staff and the organization’s business objectives?

A. Validation of the results
B. Prioritization of the results
C. Distribution of the results
D. Categorization of the results

Correct Answer: B

Explination: Prioritization is the goal—that is, to discuss the results and decide on the next steps in remediation. Far too often results can be overwhelming if the focus is to “fix everything now.”


QUESTION 93

The chief information security officer is among many at a meeting about the vulnerability scan results. Everyone has the same table, shown below.The discussion is focused on how to order the findings to remediate. The cybersecurity analyst focuses on criticality, wanting to fix the findings in the order shown: A, B, C, then D. The CISO instead wants the remediation order to be C, B, A, then D. What aspect caused the CISO to change the order of remediation?
#################################################
Finding:	Risk:		Effort to Fix:		Cost:
A			High		7 Months			$4500
B			Medium		2 Weeks				$1000
c			Medium		1 Week				$8500
D			Low			1 Month				$6000
#################################################

A. Criticality
B. Cost
C. Effort to fix
D. Alphabetical

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Based on the order the CISO prefers (C, B, A, D), it seems difficulty of implementation is the guiding factor. A good strategy is to follow up on the “low-hanging fruit,” or perform fairly simple remediation first.


QUESTION 94

Patching is an important preventative control in ensuring a system’s security. Patches generally improve the stability of a system and, in the case of security patches, remediate a vulnerability. However, on the rare occasion a patch gets released that opens up a different vulnerability, perhaps more severe than the weakness the patch originally aimed to strengthen. What is the suggested method for mitigating the risk of an errant patch?

A. Communicate directly with the patch vendor.
B. Wait for others to install the patch, in case of bad news.
C. Have a safe environment as a sandbox for testing patched systems.
D. Don’t install patches.

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Patching is necessary, but there are rare times when patching goes bad. Always have a sandbox or testing stage for monitoring the effect of patches on systems.


QUESTION 95

After the results of a vulnerability scan were prioritized into remediation steps, a company’s cybersecurity team began working on implementing those steps. All systems that were affected by the remediation team continued operating as expected, except for one. One server’s application stopped functioning, no longer able to reach others systems. The system owner could not figure out why or how the system just stopped working. What overall process seems most at fault here?

A. Communication/change control
B. Patching/remediation
C. Business continuity
D. Systems administration

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Communication and practicing proper change control are very likely the cause for the unexpected application disconnect. Whether a previously open network port was closed or a service deemed unnecessary was shut down is in the past. Change control, if done correctly, should have alerted the systems owner to changes impacting the application.


QUESTION 96

A cybersecurity analyst is hired by a company to conduct a vulnerability scan on its servers. In the process of scanning a particular server, the analyst comes across evidence that suggests the system has a great many open vulnerabilities. What should the analyst do to properly respond to this?

A. Speak to the CISO in confidence about the server.
B. Speak to the internal information security team.
C. Consult the MOU or ROE.
D. Write up a formal SLA specific that that server.

Correct Answer: C

Explination: The memorandum of understanding (MOU), or scope of the vulnerability scan, would include details on how to respond to finding evidence. The rules of engagement (ROE) should also specify detailed expectations on interacting with systems. The MOU and ROE contain the answers to questions such as “What do we do now?”


QUESTION 97

Soon after prioritizing remediation steps, the team receives an unexpected memo from executive management. The chief information officer now expresses concerns that remediation will have unforeseen effects on operations, and therefore would like the team to delay its efforts and further discuss evaluating the risks. Which terms describe the source of the memo as well as the source of the problem? (Choose two.)

A. Business process interruption
B. Corporate governance
C. Continuous monitoring
D. Service level agreement

Correct Answer: AB

Explination: This issue hits on corporate governance and its influence on the remediation team, as well as on business process interruption, or the tendency of upper management to be a drag on remediation efforts based on fear of instability in operations.


QUESTION 98

What term is used to describe a contract made between units within an organization (for example, between IT and HR) to outline the service expectations, including roles and responsibilities?

A. MOU
B. SLA
C. IOU
D. ROE

Correct Answer: B

Explination: A service level agreement (SLA) is a contract between units within an organization, or even between an organization and third party, to specify the service’s availability, response, and other expectations.


QUESTION 99

For years, vulnerability scanning tools output their findings with no standardization, resulting in an array of reporting styles, inconsistent levels of detail, and no guarantee a particular element was included. This was tolerated until the demand for policy compliance pushed vendors and NIST to form a solution to this problem. What was the result?

A. FISMA
B. NIST 800-53
C. SCAP
D. ARF
E. CVE

Correct Answer: C

Explination: SCAP, or Security Content Automation Protocol, is a product of NIST and industry leaders that provides some standardization around how vulnerability reporting is presented and managed


QUESTION 100

When you’re configuring vulnerability scanners, what most influences the types of data you will gather? (Choose 3)

A. The tool’s capabilities
B. Regulatory requirements
C. Scope
D. SCAP

Correct Answer: ABC

Explination: A is correct because a vulnerability scanner’s capabilities by definition influence what the tool can do and gather. B is correct because the regulatory requirements of the company to be scanned would influence what data you seek to collect, in order to determine compliance. C is correct because what the company deems “in scope” will impact what types of data are gathered


QUESTION 101

A company is starting the process of remediating issues discovered in a vulnerability scan. One of the more severe vulnerabilities was found on a server that happens to contain highly sensitive data and is business critical. The vulnerability would permit exfiltration of the sensitive data across the network. A possible remediation would be implementing DLP. However, being such an important system, its remediation was halted by the chief information officer. In the context of degrading functionality, what might be a good course of action?

A. Do not implement DLP, but do place a sniffer upstream to monitor for exfiltration. Inform the CIO.
B. Cease and desist remediation.
C. Resume remediation after the CIO goes home for the day.
D. Discuss with the CEO.
E. Check to confirm that the CIO is not on the ROE and then proceed with the original remediation.

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Just because the CIO demands that remediation stop, this does not erase the responsibility to mitigate the risk. If the original steps are called off due to impacting the server’s operation, then compensating controls such as implementing data loss prevention (DLP) and/or an intrusion detection system (IDS) would lessen the exposure


QUESTION 102

The terms “ongoing scanning” and “continuous monitoring” refer to what in the context of vulnerability scanning?

A. Simultaneous scanning and monitoring during a scheduled vulnerability scan
B. Scanning occurring regularly, such as daily
C. Agent-based scanning, instead of server-based, to provide continual availability
D. Full-time staff available to perform vulnerability scanning as needed

Correct Answer: B

Explination: Ongoing scanning and continuous monitoring refer to having scanning being a part of the company’s routine operation. Daily is suggested as an optimal frequency, if it can be noninvasive to the environment, because it’s very responsive to newly discovered vulnerabilities


QUESTION 103

What vulnerability scanner provides its own scripting language with which to customize plug-ins?

A. Klaatu
B. Barada
C. Necturn
D. Nikto
E. Nessus

Correct Answer: E

Explination: Okay then, that’s it—Nessus has NASL, the Nessus Attack Scripting Language. Nessus plug-ins are written in NASL. This allows you to configure Nessus to perform the scan exactly as your specifications require


QUESTION 104

Which of the following would be an inhibitor to remediation?

A. Organizational governance
B. NASL
C. SCAP
D. CSF

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Organizational governance can sometimes impede remediation efforts, based on senior management wanting to ensure operations suffer no unexpected outages


QUESTION 105

Which of the following is a well-known framework for quantifying severity or the criticality of vulnerabilities?

A. OpenVAS
B. CVE
C. CVSS
D. CSV

Correct Answer: C

Explination: The CVSS, or Common Vulnerability Scoring System, is a framework for standardizing ratings for vulnerabilities, including severity.


QUESTION 106

What aspect about performing a noncredentialed vulnerability scan is not as common as when performing a credentialed vulnerability scan?

A. Higher level of detail
B. Higher number of false positives
C. Higher number of true negatives
D. Higher number of verifiable results

Correct Answer: B

Explination: A noncredential scan produces more false positives, takes more network bandwidth, and would produce fewer verifiable results.


QUESTION 107

When configuring a vulnerability scanning tool, you may utilize at least one additional vulnerability feed beyond the product’s own source. Selecting a feed that matches your needs is important. Which of the following will most influence your selection of vulnerability feed?

A. Scanning frequency
B. Company policy
C. Regulatory requirements
D. Senior management risk appetite

Correct Answer: A

Explination: The scanning frequency most affects your vulnerability feed needs. Vulnerability feeds differ in a number of ways, such as providing only analyzed vulnerabilities versus vulnerabilities as they are discovered, or vulnerabilities every few hours versus within minutes


QUESTION 108

A B2B health information exchange provider has hired a new cybersecurity team to perform a vulnerability scan. A junior analyst eager to make a good impression raises the point that PCI DSS standard requirement 11.2 directly affects vulnerability scanning. What specific aspect of this scan will the analyst’s reference affect?

A. Scope
B. Frequency
C. Sensitivity
D. DAR encryption
E. None of the above

Correct Answer: E

Explination: Being a health information exchange, operating between businesses, it’s very unlikely to be operating as a credit card merchant on any level. Therefore, there’s no issue with maintaining PCI DSS compliance. (Sorry for the trick question.)


QUESTION 109

At the earliest stages of a vulnerability scan, which of the following would be the first step?

A. Draft the ROE.
B. Identify the requirements.
C. Sign the MOU.
D. Configure the scanning tool.

Correct Answer: B

Explination: The first step is to identify requirements. From there, a memorandum of understanding can be signed. Upon further detailing the engagement expectations, the rules of engagement can be established. Then it’s tool-configuration time


QUESTION 110

A hospital is interested in having an external ASV perform a vulnerability scan, from the perspective of an attacker. What is the scanning criteria that most satisfies the hospital’s needs?

A. Agent-based, instead of server-based
B. Minimum of two vulnerability feeds
C. Extreme care for scope to avoid accessing PHI
D. Noncredentialed scan, instead of credentialed

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Choosing to run a noncredentialed scan causes the vulnerability scan to report with results that most closely resemble what an attacker would see


QUESTION 111

What is the most important reason why vulnerability tools require feeds and updates?

A. If the tool is unaware of a vulnerability, it cannot detect the vulnerability.
B. Without updates, the tool reports more false negatives.
C. Vulnerability tools come with a vendor-provided feed. No extra feed is required.
D. If a tool receives no updates, regulatory compliance scans may be outdated.

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Similar to other signature-based products like antivirus and intrusion detection systems, a vulnerability scanning tool is only capable of scanning for what it’s aware of.


QUESTION 112

A security team was hired to conduct a large-scale vulnerability scan at multiple sites. The team begins at the smallest facility. In the process of launching the vulnerability scanner, an analyst soon gets word that users are starting to complain the network seems slow or unreliable. What might likely be the cause of the problem?

A. Sensitivity level
B. Risk appetite
C. Permissions
D. Technical constraints

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Experiencing a sluggish network given a large vulnerability scan launched at a small facility seems to point to technical constraints.


QUESTION 113

What is a benefit of utilizing a cloud-based web application security scanner, versus scanning at the site?

A. Less network perimeter traffic.
B. More control on the hardware.
C. Less operations and maintenance.
D. Frequency can be half as often when launched from the cloud.

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Cloud-based scanning also transfers maintenance to the scanning provider.


QUESTION 114

Prioritizing vulnerabilities is made standard and fair given the Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS). The CVSS ranks vulnerabilities on a 10-point scale using an equation based on several metrics. Which of the following is not a group of metrics used in scoring vulnerabilities?

A. Attack Complexity/Attack Vector/Privileges Required/User Interaction
B. Confidentiality Impact/Integrity Impact/Availability Impact
C. Exploit Code Maturity/Remediation Level/Report Confidence
D. Exploit Age/Attack Speed/Ease of Exploitation

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Exploit age, attack speed, and ease of exploitation not actual named factors


QUESTION 115

In the process of working with a vulnerability scanning tool, which of the following shows the correct order of steps?

A. Requirements identification, scan execution, report distribution, report generation
B. Requirements identification, scan execution, report generation, report distribution
C. Requirements identification, scan execution, report distribution, report generation
D. Requirements identification, report generation, scan execution, report distribution

Correct Answer: B

Explination: The correct order is, of course, requirements identification, scan execution, report generation, report distribution.


QUESTION 116

At the retailer S-Mart, a security analyst named Ash is familiar with dealing with local nefarious characters trying to exploit the point-of-sale (POS) machines. The POS machines are required for the retailer to operate. Further, data in the POS systems includes financial transaction information. Ash is now developing a data classification system and asset inventory. How should Ash classify S-Mart’s POS machines and the data held inside them?

A. Information: private, Asset: critical
B. Information: private, Asset: noncritical
C. Information: public, Asset: critical
D. Information: proprietary, Asset: noncritical

Correct Answer: A

Explination: The data should be classified as private, meaning its disclosure could cause privacy issues. The POS system is required for the business to operate, so it is a critical asset.


QUESTION 117

What are the most important types of results to identify from a vulnerability scan report? (Choose two.)

A. False positives
B. False negatives
C. Policy validation
D. Exceptions to policy

Correct Answer: AD

Explination: The two early results to identify in a scan report are false positives and policy exceptions. After factoring out false positives (those that seem like a vulnerability but are not) and policy exceptions (those that are authorized), then the remaining vulnerabilities need responses.


QUESTION 118

What is the main purpose of the report after a vulnerability scan is complete?

A. It is to be analyzed by the cybersecurity team responsible for the scan.
B. It is used to evaluate the team responsible for the target environment.
C. It is included in the full report given to executive management.
D. It is used as a baseline for future vulnerability scans.

Correct Answer: A

Explination: The first goal is to analyze the report. That is done by the team responsible for the scan


QUESTION 119

A report outcome that at first seems suspicious but later proves to be neutral is called a what?

A. False negative
B. True positive
C. True negative
D. False positive

Correct Answer: D

Explination: A false positive is a result that seems suspicious or valid at first, but when later investigated is deemed not an issue. 


QUESTION 120

When it comes to prioritizing report outcomes, which of the following would you consider when deciding on response actions? (Select 2)

A. True negatives
B. False positives
C. Policy exceptions
D. Validated vulnerabilities

Correct Answer: AD

Explination: True negatives (genuine, reported vulnerabilities) will be evaluated for responses. The same goes for validated vulnerabilities.


QUESTION 121

Vulnerability scanning does not always return reliable and accurate results. The results depend heavily on the systems being scanned. Which of the following systems would be the least likely to be identified and return genuine scan results? (Choose two.)

A. CCTV camera, web-enabled with embedded Apache
B. An open source firewall, customized by the scan target client
C. Windows 2012 server, missing three months of patches and the latest Service Pack
D. Novell NetWare 6.5

Correct Answer: AB

Explination: Devices with embedded Apache server or lightweight versions of Linux tend to be especially challenging targets. Likewise, the firewall, customized by the customer, might present a unique profile to the scanner.


QUESTION 122

Alongside results in the scan report, it’s common to see references to external sources such as OSVDB and NVD. What is the reason for vulnerability scanners to include information from those databases?

A. The sources provide validation to the scan results.
B. The sources offer additional information and possibly mitigating actions.
C. The sources provide links to upload sanitized data from the scan.
D. The sources specify whether a result is a false positive or a genuine vulnerability.

Correct Answer: B

Explination: These databases provide additional information and sometimes even mitigating solutions.


QUESTION 123

What is primary value of STIGs and NSA guides?

A. They are a source of “best practice” principles.
B. They are a proven source of vulnerability validation steps.
C. They provide checklists detailing regulatory compliance.
D. They specify configuration steps for secure networking.

Correct Answer: A

Explination: The STIGs (Security Technical Implementation Guides) and NSA guides are configuration guides on how to harden government information systems; hence, they provide excellent reference for “best practices.”


QUESTION 124

Which of the following are good sources of validating scan results? (Choose 2)

A. Interviewing the system’s owner
B. Reviewing the system’s event log
C. Comparing against past vulnerability reports and results
D. Examining system and network data such as open ports and services

Correct Answer: DB

Explination: Reviewing the system’s logs is a good way of actually validating results. Also, checking system- and network-related data such as what ports are open or what services are actually running is another method for validating report results.


QUESTION 125

What method allows the internal security team to tailor threat mitigation strategies, evaluate how effective those strategies are, and see the change of controls over time?

A. Comparing a system against similar systems in the environment
B. Comparing the current system against the original image, when available
C. Comparing the system’s trend in reported vulnerabilities
D. Comparing the results with the system’s logs

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Comparing the system over time, or how the vulnerabilities trend, is a likely feature in the vulnerability scanner.


QUESTION 126

What is best described as comparing a scan report against the personal and documented notes of the scan operator? Such notes would include scanning steps as well as observations around the scan devices’ configuration and operation.

A. Trending the results
B. Validating the results
C. Reconciling the results
D. Managing the results

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Reconciling results involves comparing the scan report findings with the scan operator’s notes and observations. It is critical to take detailed notes; these are invaluable for verifying and validating the report.


QUESTION 127

What type of scanning target would commonly have vulnerabilities due to the existence of unnecessary services and open ports?

A. IDS
B. SCADA device
C. VPN
D. Server

Correct Answer: D

Explination: A common vulnerability in servers is having unnecessary services running or open ports


QUESTION 128

For which type of scanning target is it particularly easy to show duplicate vulnerabilities?

A. VPN
B. Virtual infrastructure
C. Mobile device
D. SCADA device

Correct Answer: B

Explination: A virtual infrastructure such as a virtual machine (VM) starts with a VM image. VMs are far more easily copied and replicated. A vulnerability in the origin VM image is simply copied to the replicated VMs, making vulnerabilities easily duplicated across many machines.


QUESTION 129

A vulnerability found in a hypervisor threatens the security of what devices? (Choose two.)

A. Endpoint
B. Host server
C. Virtual machine
D. Network device

Correct Answer: BC

Explination: The hypervisor sits between a host server and the virtual machines. Therefore, a vulnerability in the hypervisor can potentially affect both host and guest machines.


QUESTION 130

A cybersecurity analyst is briefing the CEO on the encrypted nature of VPNs. The CEO, understanding how well VPNs protect confidentiality, asks what their primary vulnerability is. What should be the cybersecurity analyst’s response?

A. VPNs connect external devices to the internal network.
B. VPNs mask network traffic from monitoring.
C. VPN encryption is difficult to configure.
D. VPNs have no vulnerabilities.

Correct Answer: A

Explination: VPNs can introduce vulnerabilities because they connect unsecured devices to the protected, internal network


QUESTION 131

An attacker seeks to enter a protected corporate network. Fortunately, the company’s cybersecurity team has locked down the network well. Instead, the attacker discovers an open port in a maintenance-related network. Moving laterally, the attacker then moves onto the protected network. What is the source of the vulnerability overlooked by the cybersecurity team?

A. VPN connection
B. Virtualized switch
C. No encryption on either network
D. Interconnected networks

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Networks that are unrelated but connected can provide pathways for persistent attackers. Interconnected networks are an often-overlooked vulnerability


QUESTION 132

What type of scanning target would commonly have vulnerabilities due to limitations imposed by carriers?

A. Mobile device
B. Virtual network infrastructure
C. Server
D. Industrial control system

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Mobile device owners can find they are limited by their carrier in terms of upgrading or updating their operating systems


QUESTION 133

What is a source of vulnerabilities for essentially all devices?

A. No encryption
B. Patch updates and upgrades
C. Low memory and/or storage space
D. Policy exceptions

Correct Answer: B

Explination: Being slow to patch or update is a vulnerability common to nearly every device or platform.


QUESTION 134

Which term describes what permits a VM to connect to an outside network?

A. Management interface
B. Interconnected network
C. Virtual private network
D. Virtual network

Correct Answer: D

Explination: It is the virtual network that enables the VM to communicate with the outside world


QUESTION 135

What do the network protocols IPSec, L2TP, TLS, and DTLS have in common?

A. They facilitate virtual private networks.
B. All are Layer 2 protocols.
C. They are used exclusively for virtual networks.
D. They build interconnections between protected and peripheral networks.

Correct Answer: A

Explination: These protocols all can be found when you’re setting up a VPN. 


QUESTION 136

Which of the following characteristics is prominent in Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition systems?

A. They typically cover a wide geographical area.
B. They contain several types of control systems, including ICS (industry control systems).
C. They are common, with only one person operating them locally.
D. They rely on obscure networking protocols such as IPX/SPX.

Correct Answer: A

Explination: SCADA systems are known for covering a large geographical area


QUESTION 137

After creating several virtual machines, a system administrator took great effort to harden the virtual systems. When finished, the administrator sought approval from the security team and asked the cybersecurity analyst to try to compromise any one of the machines. Within a short amount of time, the administrator noticed that all the machines were running with great difficulty. A little investigation revealed the virtual systems were running with only one-fourth of the original memory. The host system was operating normally. When asked, the administrator claimed no machine was accessed. Where was the likely vulnerability?

A. Virtual network
B. Management interface
C. Host system physical memory
D. WAP

Correct Answer: B

Explination: The cybersecurity analyst accessed the unprotected management interface, then reduced the memory of the VMs to demonstrate access to the interface.


QUESTION 138

What is the term used to describe when an attacker is able to leap from a virtual machine to the host machine?

A. Lateral move
B. Virtual interruption
C. Escape
D. Sandbox jump

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Leaving the VM and accessing the host system is called an escape


QUESTION 139

What are the most common vulnerabilities found in a network infrastructure? (Select two)

A. Misconfiguration
B. Broadcast storms
C. WAP
D. Enabled COM port

Correct Answer: AC

Explination: The misconfiguration of network devices and the wireless access point are the biggest vulnerabilities


QUESTION 140

In terms of mitigating vulnerabilities, network appliances should be treated as specialized forms of what type of device?

A. WAP
B. Endpoint
C. Server
D. Virtual host

Correct Answer: C

Explination: A network appliance is essentially a customized server, performing some specialized function, such as web proxy or caching server


QUESTION 141

Stuxnet, which targeted the uranium enrichment centrifuges run in Iran, was an example of malware targeting what type of system?

A. VM
B. ICS
C. HMI
D. NAC

Correct Answer: B

Explination: The malware Stuxnet, written solely to attack the uranium enrichment program in Iran, specifically targeted the industry control system (ICS) running within the facility.


QUESTION 142

What type of system presents a unique challenge in updating due to how critical its uptime is?

A. HVAC
B. Finance server
C. SCADA
D. Perimeter network protection

Correct Answer: C

Explination: SCADA systems typically allow for no downtime because they provide critical services. No allowable downtime means no maintenance for updates or patching.


QUESTION 143

On “Bring Your Daughter to Work Day,” cybersecurity analyst Elizabeth brings her daughter Paige to the data center. Paige is curious why analysts across different companies and countries take the same steps to harden their infrastructures. What is Elizabeth’s likely explanation?

A. Requirements are forced by regulatory compliance.
B. Policy is dictated by trends.
C. All analysts trust each other’s good judgment.
D. Best practices are being widely adopted.

Correct Answer: D

Explination: A general adoption of best practices means similar implementation of steps toward hardening the environment, regardless of location and industry


QUESTION 144

A company is experiencing a substantial increase in incidents since allowing employees to connect their own mobile devices to the internal network. What is the key vulnerability behind this scenario?

A. Mobile devices are being allowed without any corporate policies.
B. Mobile devices are being used without a VPN connection.
C. Mobile devices are allowed to be plugged into USB ports on desktop PCs
D. The network infrastructure is burdened with additional traffic.

Correct Answer: A

Explination: The main vulnerability with starting a BYOD policy is the unknown status of all those personally managed devices. Some will not be adequately patched or updated. Some will have malware already installed. And some may be compromised


QUESTION 145

Using the Windows registry editor, a security analyst navigates to the following key:
-
HKLM\Software\Policies\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Internet Settings
-
  At that key, the analyst sets the value PreventIgnoreCertErrors to REG_DWORD = 1. What is the key vulnerability that encouraged this setting?

A. The Certificate Authority is employing too weak a cryptographic cipher.
B. Users are ignoring certificate errors.
C. The Certificate Authority is untrusted.
D. Users’ devices are unable to send an OSCP status request.

Correct Answer: B

Explination: This registry entry, when set to 1, stops users from bypassing certificate errors. A certificate error could be due to any number of issues, such as a name mismatch on the certificate, the certificate having expired, or the certificate having an inadequate cryptographic strength.


QUESTION 146

You’ve just learned of a new, critical vulnerability that was discovered late last night. You suspect your infrastructure is particularly vulnerable. You need to perform an immediate scan to identify all the affected servers that will require action. What has your attention first?

A. SIEM
B. VM management interface
C. Vulnerability feed
D. CVSS

Correct Answer: C

Explination: You first need to find out if your vulnerability feed already has the ability to scan for and identify this vulnerability. Regardless of whether your external AVS (authorized vulnerability scanner) or in-house scanner is used, it is not guaranteed the scan will be up to date on the most recent vulnerabilities.


QUESTION 147

The Authentication metric, the Access Complexity metric, and the Access Vector metric are all scoring factors used for what system?

A. NVD
B. PCI DSS
C. Nessus
D. CVSS

Correct Answer: D

Explination: The Common Vulnerability Scoring System uses these metrics, among others, to calculate a rating for every vulnerability


QUESTION 148

Soon after completing a vulnerability scan, you review the most critical findings on your Nginx web server. From the following list, which is the likely false positive?

A. CVE-2016-1247 Nginx Root Privilege Escalation
B. CVE-2017-0278 Windows SMB Remote Code Execution
C. CVE-2017-7529 Nginx Remote Integer Overflow
D. CVE-2018-7584 PHP Stack Buffer Overflow
E. CVE-2017-14176 Bazaar with Subprocess SSH, allows Remote Execution

Correct Answer: B

Explination: This is the lone Windows vulnerability and therefore the likely false positive.


QUESTION 149

A vulnerability scan reports a web service running on a server. However, you only know of an application developed in-house running on that server. Additionally, the server is not external facing, and you’re fairly confident there is no web service running. What is the likely port of that internally developed application?

A. 445
B. 69
C. 110
D. 80

Correct Answer: D

Explination: If a scanner reports a web service running, it might have only detected port 80 as open and listening


QUESTION 150

A vulnerability scan reports a web service running on a server, but you were unaware of any web service or anything running on port 80. What might be your next step?

A. Scan the server with a port scanner to see if port 80 is listening.
B. Write a policy that web services must be approved before an installation.
C. E-mail employees to find out the website’s administrator.
D. Re-run the vulnerability scan.

Correct Answer: A

Explination: The next step would be to scan the server, paying particular attention to port 80. If port 80 is open, perhaps a web service is listening


QUESTION 151

A specialized web proxy device has been flagged by a vulnerability scanner for several scanning periods for the same vulnerability. The cybersecurity team is asked why this vulnerability persists. What are the likely causes? (Choose two.)

A. Being a vendor-specific network appliance, its patch management was overlooked.
B. This network appliance is on the DMZ and therefore left unmanaged.
C. The vendor is responsible for patching, but for reasons unknown has been unable to do so.
D. The network appliance is compromised.

Correct Answer: AC

Explination: What tends to happen with a specialized network appliance is that the responsibility for the appliance is overlooked by internal security or it is transferred to a third-party vendor. In this case, its patching requirement might have been overlooked or the vendor has recently lost connectivity to the appliance.


QUESTION 152

After a vulnerability scan is completed, what’s the “best practice” for prioritizing response actions?

A. Absolutely start with the highest CVSS rating and work toward the lower-rated vulnerabilities.
B. Start with the response with the shortest implementation time and work toward the more involved responses.
C. All scan reports are unique, but in general you should balance least disruption with risk mitigation.
D. First validate and reconcile all vulnerabilities and then start to remediate.

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Scan report findings are unique, ranging from the most critical to more informative findings. Responses will range from quite involved remediations to “quick fixes.” Therefore, it’s a case-by-case situation of balancing time, budget, and risk mitigation.


QUESTION 153

Which of the following is not considered an important stakeholder during incident response?

A. The organization’s legal department.
B. Human resources.
C. Marketing
D. Management.
E. All are important stakeholders in incident response.

Correct Answer: E

Explination: All of the named stakeholders are important and should be involved during the incident response process.


QUESTION 154

In the course of incident response, what phase strives to prevent or reduce the spread of the incident?

A. Containment
B. Sanitization
C. Detection
D. Patching

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Containment, the first phase of incident response, includes reducing the spread of the incident.


QUESTION 155

During incident response, what phase seeks to return all systems to a known-good state?

A. Eradication
B. Segmentation
C. Removal
D. Scanning

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Eradication is the phase where you strive to return the system to a known-good state.


QUESTION 156

During incident response, what phase requires understanding how the incident took place in order to implement countermeasures or controls to prevent the attack from happening again?

A. Reverse engineering
B. Sanitization
C. Reconstruction
D. Validation

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Validation is done to verify the attack vectors and to implement countermeasures.


QUESTION 157

Which of the following terms refers to a containment technique to permit cybersecurity analysts to still monitor the system’s activity without jeopardizing the whole network?

A. Removal
B. Secure disposal
C. Verifying logging/communication
D. Isolation
E. Patching

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Isolation means to segregate the system (or systems) but not completely remove it from communicating with others. It’s more an exercise of drawing a perimeter around the problem system, rather than removing it entirely.


QUESTION 158

The cybersecurity team just finished recovering from an incident, but within a few days, similar indicators of compromise appear. The cybersecurity team determined that an attacker hijacked an account with elevated privileges. After the team investigated further, it seemed both incidents took advantage of the same attack vector. What was the root cause of the incident that the team failed to address in the earlier incident?

A. Eradication
B. Permissions
C. Patching
D. Containment

Correct Answer: B

Explination: Permissions is the corrective action that was missed in the first incident recovery. Seems an account with elevated privileges was compromised and abused, but after the first incident that risk was not adequately mitigated.


QUESTION 159

In what phase of incident response do cybersecurity team members discuss with stakeholders their experience and understanding of the incident?

A. During the containment phase through the eradication phase
B. The validation phase
C. As the team completes the corrective action phase
D. Throughout all phases

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Communication is critical in all phases.


QUESTION 160

How is any experience gained as a result of the incident being shared among management?

A. Via constant communication, from start to finish
B. Through a change control process report
C. Through a lessons learned report
D. In the executive summary to the response plan update

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Concluding the incident response is the “lessons learned” report, where input from everyone involved in the event is used to summarize how the incident response went and how the incident could have been handled better.


QUESTION 161

Performing corrective actions as incident recovery concludes is a vital phase of incident response. What corrective step helps ensure that any procedural gaps identified during the response are fixed in preparation for the next response?

A. Reviewing the change control process
B. Publishing a summary report
C. Updating the incident response plan
D. Securely disposing of the compromised systems

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Updating the incident response plan helps improve the process for when (not if ) an incident happens again.


QUESTION 162

Post-incident, after all corrective actions have been performed, including compiling a full lessons learned report, what is the final documentation step?

A. New incident response plan
B. Reverse engineering report
C. Validation scan and report
D. Incident summary report

Correct Answer: D

Explination: An incident summary report is the final documentation created directly as a result of the incident. Its length and audience vary, depending on the organization.


QUESTION 163

A company is dealing with an incident that required involvement with a law enforcement agency (LEA). Cooperation between the cybersecurity team and the LEA was very difficult, given how much the goals and perspectives of the LEA, management, and the cybersecurity team differed. What was the likely reason for this bad experience?

A. The incident response plan didn’t include law enforcement.
B. The LEA demanded to retain hardware as evidence.
C. The cybersecurity team had no prior incident practice with the LEA.
D. Management was unable to lead alongside the LEA.

Correct Answer: C

Explination: It is good practice to involve law enforcement when performing incident response practice runs. Only by running through the exercise (or actual incident) can the divergent goals and motivations of different groups be determined.


QUESTION 164

The company Major League Manifolds, Ltd., had an incident, with three main stakeholders involved. Referring to the list of roles and employees, shown in the table below, you see that Phelps, Brown, and Hayes were the employees involved. From the following possible incidents, which is the probable incident that’s occurring.
############################
Major League Manifolds, Ltd.
Roles			Name
Owner			R. Phelps
General Manager	L. Brown
Legal			R. Vaughn
HR				J. Jobu
Marketing/PR	P. Cerrano
Analyst			W. Haynes
############################

A. A senior-level employee’s e-mail account was hacked.
B. The external payroll provider’s database server was compromised.
C. An HR employee was discovered working for a competitor.
D. An undocumented exception to the patching policy was discovered.

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Considering the roles involved (owner, general manager, and analyst), it was a “straightforward” incident


QUESTION 165

refering to the figure below. consider the roles that should be involved when the company’s server for handling payment transactions is compromised by an external hacker. Which of the following list of names includes all the stakeholders?
############################
Major League Manifolds, Ltd.
Roles			Name
Owner			R. Phelps
General Manager	L. Brown
Legal			R. Vaughn
HR				J. Jobu
Marketing/PR	P. Cerrano
Analyst			W. Haynes
############################

A. Brown, Vaughn, Jobu, Cerrano, Hays
B. Phelps, Brown, Jobu, Hays
C. Phelps, Brown, Vaughn, Hays
D. Phelps, Brown, Vaughn, Cerrano, Hays

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Given that the server for handling payment transactions had unauthorized access, this likely means regulatory noncompliance, involving legal and the public-facing marketing department. The other roles should be obvious.


QUESTION 166

A company recently finished responding to a serious incident of attempted sabotage. The attack seemed suspiciously like it was caused by a current employee. Although the investigation to identify the precise employee is still ongoing, the internal cybersecurity analysts are certain the attack originated from accounts payable in the finance department. The incident summary report has been finished and was sent in encrypted format to the department heads and local managers of admin, HR, finance, manufacturing, and shipping. Select from the following list the one risk that could have been avoided.

A. Communication disclosure based on regulatory requirements
B. Extensive communication with management
C. Insecure method of communication
D. Inadvertent release of information to the public

Correct Answer: B

Explination: As the scenario explains, an employee within the finance department is suspected of causing the incident. However, the incident summary report went to multiple people in finance. This does not demonstrate properly limiting communication to trusted parties.


QUESTION 167

Allowing for budget, what option does a company have when its lack of technical expertise means the company doesn’t have its own internal CSIRT team?

A. Retain an incident response provider.
B. Cross-train all employees in incident response techniques.
C. None. The company has no ability to respond to incidents.
D. Empower the night security guard to watch over the data center.

Correct Answer: A

Explination: The choice the company has is to retain an external incident response provider.


QUESTION 168

What are the main challenges for the technical role of incident response? (Choose two.)

A. Having the necessary technical expertise to address the incident
B. Licensing the proper software tools
C. Granting or delegating the authority for unforeseen decisions
D. Overcoming personality differences and in-house rivalries

Correct Answer: AC

Explination: The two challenges are ensuring the technical expertise is at hand, for any reasonably likely incident (depending on what platforms and applications your environment is running) and delegating the authority to members of that team or to immediately accessible managers. Time cannot be wasted waiting for executives to allow a plug to be pulled.


QUESTION 169

A company that has grown quickly in size has not yet developed a proper communication escalation process in the event of a security incident. Instead, managers of the cybersecurity team post their analysis and findings on the company’s internal blog site. In an effort to maintain confidentiality, the blog posts are kept hidden, with no link on the front page. What is the shortcoming of this communication process?

A. Disclosure based on legislative requirements
B. Possible inadvertent release of information
C. No encryption
D. Little opportunity for discussion and questions

Correct Answer: B

Explination: Even though the blog posts are not widely published, their confidentiality is based on the false assurance of “security through obscurity.” Anyone who discovers the accessible posts is a potential leaker or abuser of that information


QUESTION 170

In terms of skill and determination, what type of adversary is regarded as the most capable and resourceful?

A. Script kiddie
B. Advanced persistent threat
C. Haxor
D. Zero-day

Correct Answer: B

Explination: The advanced persistent threat (APT) is by far the most skilled, most resourceful of threats


QUESTION 171

A company has recently installed an IDS that’s capable of detecting a broad set of malicious traffic and operates on signature-based identification. Which of the following types of threats will this IDS identify? (Choose 3)

A. Zero-day
B. Threats labeled by CVE
C. Unknown threats
D. EICAR file
E. Known threats

Correct Answer: BDE

Explination: If an IDS is signature-based, you can assume it’s not capable of detecting unknown malware or detecting based on anomalous behavior. Threats with a CVE ID number very likely have a known signature assigned to them. The EICAR file is a well-known test file for malware detection. Known threats, as you can tell by the name, will have a signature.


QUESTION 172

A cybersecurity team is responding to an incident. To help prioritize their actions, an analyst requests a list of essential business processes from the CIO. Select from the following factors which one the analyst is most concerned with to help prioritize the team’s response.

A. Downtime
B. System process criticality
C. Recovery time
D. Economic

Correct Answer: B

Explination: System process criticality is the factor that defines whether or not business processes are essential


QUESTION 173

Of the following metrics, which ones rely on a company being able to endure a certain amount of downtime? (Choose 2)

A. Designated acceptable downtime (DAD)
B. Key performance indicators (KPIs)
C. Maximum tolerable downtime (MTD)
D. Recovery time objective (RTO)

Correct Answer: CD

Explination: Both the MTD and RTO presume a company can survive some downtime to some degree. The MTD is the maximum tolerable downtime before an organization’s essential systems suffer critically, while the recovery time objective (RTO) describes the period of time when a company strives to recover from a disaster before suffering significant damage.


QUESTION 174

Multiple factors can affect the severity of an incident. Which of the following factors does not necessarily impact an incident’s severity?

A. Downtime
B. Probability of corruption
C. MTD
D. System process criticality
E. None of the above

Correct Answer: B

Explination: There is no direct correlation between measuring an incident’s severity and the probability of corruption.


QUESTION 175

Of the many factors that affect incident severity, which of the following takes the cybersecurity team the longest time to detect issues for or determine the scope of its impact?

A. Data integrity
B. System process criticality
C. Recovery time
D. Type of data

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Certainly in relation to the other answers, it takes much longer to determine whether data was or wasn’t altered by an attacker or incident.


QUESTION 176

What is the desired relationship when comparing RTO and MTD?

A. The RTO should be longer than the MTD.
B. The RTO should be shorter than the MTD.
C. The MTD and RTO should be roughly the same length.
D. The MTD should as close to zero as possible.
E. The RTO needs to be twice the MTD.
F. The MTD needs to be twice the RTO.

Correct Answer: B

Explination: The recovery time objective should be shorter than the maximum tolerable downtime.


QUESTION 177

The United States Privacy Act of 1974 created rules regarding the collection, storage, and use of what kind of data?

A. Financial
B. Intellectual property
C. PII
D. Payment card information

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Personally identifiable information (PII) is protected by the U.S. Privacy Act of 1974.


QUESTION 178

Which of the following is not a PCI DSS goal or requirement?

A. Regularly monitor and test networks.
B. Maintain an information security policy.
C. Build and maintain a secure network and systems.
D. Enforce employee security awareness training.
E. Protect cardholder data.

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Security awareness training is not a PCI DSS requirement.


QUESTION 179

Select from the following the data types that fall under the term “intellectual property.” (choose 3)\

A. The patent behind a company’s best-selling product
B. Your favorite shoe company’s trademark
C. The secret recipe of a chicken flavoring
D. The details about a company’s marketing campaign

Correct Answer: ABC

Explination: A is correct because patents are intellectual property. B is correct because a trademark is intellectual property. Finally, C is correct because a secret recipe is a company’s trade secret, which is also intellectual property.


QUESTION 180

An analyst is reviewing DLP logs of sensitive documents attached to outgoing e-mails. The analyst discovers a sent document titled “Hilltop Organization Chart,” apparently titled after the analyst’s own company, Hilltop Cabinets. The document was sent to Hilltop’s primary competitor, a company called Sanctuary Sinks. What type of data does this incident cover?

A. Mergers and acquisitions
B. Accounting data
C. Corporate confidential
D. Intellectual property

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Given the nature of the document and the fact that it is considered “sensitive,” you can assume the e-mailed attachment about the organization chart was marked “corporate confidential.”


QUESTION 181

A new virus called MSB3417, dubbed “Wildfire,” is sweeping through organizations, infecting systems by exploiting a previously unknown vulnerability. Wildfire identifies and exfiltrates any spreadsheet documents with large dollar amounts. The documents are then covertly sent to a known and powerful adversarial country. What is this type of malware called?

A. APT exploit
B. Zero-day exploit
C. Financial exfiltration malware
D. Economic threat

Correct Answer: B

Explination: Malware that works based on exploiting a previously unknown vulnerability is called a zero-day exploit.


QUESTION 182

What is the particular criminal threat when data related to a company’s intent to integrate with another company is mishandled?

A. Leaked information could lead to trading based on privileged knowledge.
B. Shareholders of both companies could vote to stop the merger.
C. Leaked trade secrets could lead to increased competition.
D. Violations of HIPAA requirements.

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Leaked information about a merger in progress or even a desired merger could lead to a stockholder deciding to trade their shares. Trading based on that privileged information is a crime called insider trading.


QUESTION 183

Which of the following factors determines some noted event will be considered a security incident?

A. Downtime
B. Scope of impact
C. Economic
D. Types of data affected

Correct Answer: B

Explination: Scope of impact is the official determination that has an event crossing the boundary into being a defined security incident.


QUESTION 184

In the context of long-term effects from a security incident, particularly to a company’s reputation and ability to gain potential business, which factor is the most impactful on an incident’s severity?

A. Recovery time
B. Data integrity
C. Economic
D. System process criticality

Correct Answer: C

Explination: The economic factors of an incident affect a company over the long haul, often in terms of its reputation.


QUESTION 185

For which of the following types of data is it suggested that a company take additional steps, beyond policy and legal guidance, to protect the data’s confidentiality from unauthorized eyes? Not protecting the selected data type might jeopardize the company’s sustainability.

A. HR personnel information
B. PII
C. Payment card information
D. Accounting data

Correct Answer: D

Explination: The security of accounting data is more critical to a business’s sustainability, relative to the other answers.


QUESTION 186

Which of the following are possible consequences for unauthorized disclosure of PHI, depending on one’s involvement. (Choose 4)

A. Documented record in employee file
B. Suspension from employment
C. Monetary fine
D. Jail time
E. Public execution

Correct Answer: ABCD

Explination: Depending on the employee’s involvement, the consequences can range from a record in the employee’s file to possible jail time.


QUESTION 187

What ensures accountability of evidence handling by documenting the handoff from person to person of important forensic material?

A. Handoff form
B. Analysis management form
C. Evidence management log
D. Chain of custody form

Correct Answer: D

Explination: The chain of custody form ensures accountability of evidence handling. This document lists the handoff from person to person of evidence to mitigate the risk of unauthorized tampering.


QUESTION 188

Which of the following is developed as part of an incident response plan, but also has practical value in a forensic kit?

A. Rainbow tables
B. Call/escalation list
C. Network map
D. Acceptable use policy

Correct Answer: B

Explination: The call list or escalation list documents who an analyst should call for particular cases. It’s originally part of any incident response plan, but it’s also a valuable asset in a forensic kit.


QUESTION 189

During a forensic investigation, you need to make a bit-for-bit copy of a hard drive called “ops” into a file. To accomplish this, you use the command-line utility dd to create the image file CaseCopy.img. The block size will be 2K, and any errors can be disregarded. Which of the following commands does what you need?

A. dd if=/dev/ops of=CaseCopy.img bs=2048 conv=noerror
B. dd if=/dev/ops of=casecopy.img bs=2048 conv=noerror
C. dd if=/dev/casecopy of=ops bs=2048 conv=noerror
D. dd if=/dev/CaseCopy.img of=ops bs=2048 conv=noerror

Correct Answer: A

Explination: This command line shows the correct syntax and spelling to perform the bit-for-bit copy.


QUESTION 190

A junior analyst has two files and needs to verify they are exact duplicates. To do this, the analyst knows to first create hashes from the two files and then compare them. Which of the following tools from the forensic kit is the best tool to use?

A. dd
B. sha1sum
C. eventviewer
D. BitLocker

Correct Answer: B

Explination: The program sha1sum will calculate and check a SHA-1 hash value. The hash value is also known as a message digest. The analyst will use sha1sum to calculate and compare message digests of these two files. 


QUESTION 191

Including crime tape in a forensic kit might be useful for what purpose?

A. Securing the chain of custody form to the hard drive.
B. Acting as a write block on 5 1/4" disks.
C. Physically cordoning off an area if necessary to prevent tampering.
D. There is no imaginable use for physical crime tape in a digital forensic investigation.

Correct Answer: C

Explination: It is suggested that you have crime tape on hand in case you need to provide a soft barrier around a physical area.


QUESTION 192

An internal cybersecurity analyst is asked to send a report via e-mail. The analyst plans to send the report from within the company’s network. In order to ensure the confidentiality of the report, what is a likely step for the analyst to take?

A. Create a hash of the report file and send the hash in a second e-mail.
B. Use the e-mail server, but then wipe it with a cloth or something.
C. Using a cryptography tool to further protect the report.
D. None of the above. E-mailing across an internal infrastructure is perfectly safe.

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Given that e-mail is open and insecure, encrypting the report first can help ensure the report’s confidentiality


QUESTION 193

An incident involves a legitimate user’s account being compromised. Although the company does employ some information security best practices, the analyst notes a few policies missing, including any account lockout policy. The analyst suspects brute-force password guessing was involved. Further, accounts of several machines might have been brute-forced. Which tool should the analyst consider using to gather more information?

A. Mobile device viewer
B. Group policy viewer
C. Password cracker
D. Log viewer

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Using a log viewer is the next step in gathering information on bad password attempts.


QUESTION 194

When you’re approaching a person’s desk or office as a crime scene, essentially everything is potential evidence. Every object’s position may be recognized as significant. What is the most likely first action an incident handler would perform before moving or handling any object?

A. Sample the air quality.
B. Photograph or video the scene.
C. Dust the scene for fingerprints.
D. Place obvious digital media in containers with a tamper-proof seal.

Correct Answer: B

Explination: A camera is a valuable addition to a forensic kit. The camera allows you to photograph or video a crime scene before anything is removed or touched. Although an item’s position might seem inconsequential at first, it might become significant later in the investigation.


QUESTION 195

What is the primary purpose of a notebook in a forensic bag?

A. To draft a chain of custody
B. To create an incident log
C. To amend the incident response plan
D. To list assets removed from the scene

Correct Answer: B

Explination: A notebook is critical to have in a forensic kit because the investigator or analyst will be taking constant notes. Those notes create an incident log for the investigator or anyone to refer back to at a later time


QUESTION 196

A cybersecurity analyst is investigating a Windows system registry, particularly for malware that might be persistent on reboots. Which of the following registry keys will likely reveal instances of malware? (Choose 2)

A. HKLM\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Run
B. HKLM\System\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Run
C. HKCU\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Run
D. HKCU\System\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Run

Correct Answer: AC

Explination: These two are valid registry keys where you will find values of applications loading. If malware has modified registry entries to maintain persistence, then these two entries will likely show the malware intending to run at OS/system startup


QUESTION 197

Which of the following devices burdens the forensics analyst with always having special cables and custom bootloaders with them?

A. Linux Knoppix 8.1
B. WOPR SecTran 9.4.3
C. Asus ZenFone 5Z
D. Windows Server 2016

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Mobile devices are a category of devices where the analyst should be prepared with various cables, connectors, and custom bootloaders. The Asus ZenFone 5Z is obviously just one example of a mobile device the analyst could come across.


QUESTION 198

FTK, EnCase, and The Sleuth Kit are all examples in what category of forensic applications?

A. Cryptography tools
B. Password crackers
C. Hashing utilities
D. Analysis utilities

Correct Answer: D

Explination: FTK, EnCase, and The Sleuth Kit are all analysis utilities.


QUESTION 199

Which of the following provides a similar benefit to a chain of custody form?

A. Drive adapter
B. Tamper-proof seal
C. Cryptography tool
D. Drive and media cables

Correct Answer: B

Explination: Tamper-proof seals provide protection against unauthorized tampering. Similarly, a chain of custody form helps maintain the integrity of evidence by ensuring accountability.


QUESTION 200

Joshua, a junior cybersecurity analyst, is performing his first forensic investigation. He photographs the surrounding scene and then employs tools to analyze the OS and any running processes. After shutting down the system, Joshua pulls the hard drive, attaches a USB drive adapter cable to it, and then connects the cable to his laptop’s USB port to start the copying operation. Joshua’s supervisor, Dr. Stephen Falken, enters the room. Seeing the hard-drive-copying efforts, Dr. Falken immediately shouts, “You think this is a game? We can’t trust what’s on that drive!” What did Dr. Falken notice?

A. Joshua is not using a write blocker.
B. Joshua should have connected the drive by SATA, not USB.
C. Dr. Falken believed the system shut down improperly.
D. Dr. Falken saw nothing wrong. He was playing a game.

Correct Answer: A

Explination: By connecting the hard drive directly to the laptop, and not using a write blocker, Joshua jeopardizes the integrity of the hard drive’s contents. Joshua should have placed a write blocker between the source and destination, to prevent any writes done to the source disk.


QUESTION 201

After the seizure and acquisition phases, where does the next step of a digital forensic investigation likely take place?

A. The crime scene
B. The digital forensic workstation
C. The boardroom
D. None of the above

Correct Answer: B

Explination: The next phase of forensic investigation after seizure and acquisition is analysis. The analysis phase wouldn’t be done in the crime scene or the boardroom. Analysis, if possible, should be done on a digital forensics workstation.


QUESTION 202

What’s the primary reason for a forensic investigator to wipe the removable media prior to needing it or entering the scene of an investigation?

A. To save time formatting media
B. To save on costs
C. Because clean media is trustworthy media
D. To comply with the data retention policy

Correct Answer: A

Explination: The main advantage of having wiped removable media is that it saves the investigator the time of having to thoroughly wipe the media when it’s needed. With the large-sized volumes the investigator may require, wiping the media takes a considerably long time.


QUESTION 203

Which of the following is a form or documentation that does not belong in a forensic kit? 

A. Chain of custody
B. Incident response plan
C. Hash values of forensics application files
D. Call/escalation list
E. Incident notes log

Correct Answer: C

Explination: The hash values of your applications are the least likely thing to have in your forensics kit. 


QUESTION 204

Which of the following bandwidth-consumption behaviors strongly indicates something suspicious?

A. Higher-than-normal bandwidth, every day, at the same time
B. Higher-than-normal bandwidth once, during off-peak hours
C. Lower-than-normal bandwidth used during peak hours
D. Higher-than-normal bandwidth used during peak hours

Correct Answer: B

Explination: A single instance of higher-than-normal bandwidth consumption outside the “work day” is the most suspect. However, although it doesn’t necessarily guarantee suspicious behavior, such bandwidth consumption is worth investigating further.


QUESTION 205

Your SIEM alerts you to an unusual amount of ARP queries. This is indicative of what sort of behavior?

A. Rogue device on the network
B. Scan sweeps
C. Unauthorized privileges
D. Unauthorized software

Correct Answer: B

Explination: A spike in ARP queries would indicate someone or some process is conducting a scan. This would warrant additional action and investigation.


QUESTION 206

What is a property of network usage that suggests a rogue device on the network?

A. Repeated failed remote logins
B. Beaconing
C. Failed connection attempts on the legitimate wireless access points
D. Unrecognized MAC addresses logged on legitimate access points

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Unrecognized MAC addresses indicate unrecognized or unauthorized devices


QUESTION 207

With regard to peer-to-peer network communication, which of the following observations should a cybersecurity analyst be concerned with as abnormal? (Choose 2)

A. Host-to-host connections using an unprivileged account
B. Host-to-host connections using a privileged account
C. Local user connecting to a print server on another subnet
D. Client/server connections with high numbered client ports

Correct Answer: AB

Explination: Host-to-host connections are fairly uncommon. Such peer-to-peer communication can suggest an attacker moving laterally from one compromised system to another


QUESTION 208

A network engineer is responding to users complaining the network is slow. Looking at the blinking lights, the engineer notices considerable activity from the HR file server. What would be the network engineer’s next step?

A. Unplug the network cable at the switch going to the file server.
B. Monitor usage and compare it against the baseline.
C. Alert the CIO to the traffic spike.
D. Sample the traffic using a packet analyzer.

Correct Answer: B

Explination: The network engineer’s next step is to consider whether or not the activity is normal by monitoring usage and comparing it against the baseline


QUESTION 209

A cybersecurity analyst has a suspicion about a system’s behavior, but reviewing logs and baseline performance of that system has proven nothing. Finally, the analyst decides to investigate network traffic, based on a hunch. The analyst starts with an endpoint analysis. The analyst sorts the traffic log first by internal source address, then by destination address, and finally by time. What evidence is the analyst clearly searching for?

A. Beaconing
B. Anomalous activity.
C. Network memory consumption.
D. This is not a search; rather, the analyst is creating a new baseline.

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Judging by the analyst’s traffic analysis, the intention is to identify any beaconing.


QUESTION 210

A user notices the workstation seems louder than normal—not necessarily fan noise, but the hard drive is constantly “working” without the user installing or moving any files. When the analyst asks if any other system behavior is occurring, the user replies the system seems a bit slower as well. What might be an issue the system is experiencing?

A. Processor consumption
B. Drive capacity consumption
C. Memory consumption
D. Network bandwidth consumption

Correct Answer: C

Explination: The scenario is evidence of disk paging, a sign of extreme memory consumption.


QUESTION 211

The cybersecurity analyst hears of recent news about a new worm traveling through the company network, installing a bot that mines digital currency. Because the mining software is installed under a random name, running as a random process, there are few known signatures to search for. What might be a likely symptom that could point to infected systems?

A. Processor consumption
B. Unexpected output
C. Unusual traffic spikes
D. Introduction of new accounts

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Because the executable and process names are random, the worm is difficult to locate by name. However, mining software tends to be processor intensive, so that’s a good place for the analyst to start.


QUESTION 212

In regard to stopping unauthorized software from being installed on a system, which approach is the most effective?

A. Software blacklisting
B. Standardized desktop images and privileges
C. Software whitelisting
D. Host-based intrusion detection and antivirus

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Whitelisting, or allowing only explicitly listed applications, is the most restrictive method.


QUESTION 213

An application is experiencing apparent memory issues. The symptoms are fairly straightforward, resulting in the application terminating. Occasionally an error pop-up appears with a vague message about a buffer address. From what you see, what is the next course of action?

A. Perform a memory dump
B. Back up the disk
C. Ensure drivers are up to date
D. Capture a packet sample 

Correct Answer: A

Explination: In a case where an application is experiencing memory issues, possibly memory overflow, performing a memory dump is a prudent measure. Memory overflow is symptomatic of a malicious attempt at exploiting the application or system.


QUESTION 214

After recovering from an incident, a company decides to invest in a data loss prevention (DLP) solution as well as printers to subtly watermark documents from certain workstations. What do you think was the host-related issue the company experienced during the incident?

A. Unauthorized privileges
B. Service interruption
C. Unusual traffic spikes
D. Data exfiltration

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Given the mention of DLP and watermarks, you can assume there was an incident of sensitive information being removed or exfiltrated.


QUESTION 215

A new file server is made available to employees. The server’s capacity is expected to be sufficient for three years. Within two weeks, users complain the file server isn’t as responsive as it used to be. What’s more, a file called MB2TB.exe has been spotted in every folder. What might be a likely issue?

A. Bandwidth consumption
B. Processor consumption
C. Drive capacity consumption
D. Memory consumption

Correct Answer: C

Explination: The performance and mysterious file “MB2TB” suggests malware, which greatly consumes drive space


QUESTION 216

A contractor has borrowed an older company laptop and has been using it with no issues for months. Recently the contractor came in, asking for a new laptop because his is “acting weird.” When asked for specifics, the contractor mentioned his application sometimes freezes, the browser goes to different websites, and other strange things start happening. What might be the best course of action?

A. Ensure the OS and applications are patched.
B. Increase the size of the hard drive; add more memory.
C. Create the contractor a new account.
D. Back up his data and perform a fresh, updated system install.

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Given the older system was probably poorly managed and behind on patch management, the system might have been compromised. Best approach is to wipe it and start with a new, up-to-date install if the system has the resources.


QUESTION 217

A security team member alerts you that a new domain account has been created, but there is no documented account request. Further, there is no legitimate way the account could be created without you or the team member’s assistance. In fact, a quick look shows you the new user account has a session active now on a local host. What is your first step?

A. Fire the team member.
B. Log off the user session.
C. Isolate the host.
D. Reset the account password.

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Your first step is to reset that account’s password, quickly followed by logging off the session


QUESTION 218

An important file that lists numbered bank accounts is tightly controlled, including a process for making any changes to that file. Although the file has no documented changes made in months, an analyst has determined its hashed value was changed sometime between today and last week. What would cause a different hash?

A. New account added
B. Unauthorized changes made
C. Different hash generator used
D. Drive capacity increased

Correct Answer: B

Explination: Whether the contextual change in the file was due to a new account being added or the account being changed, the file was changed. That change, given the process, was unauthorized and creates a different hash value when calculated.


QUESTION 219

The Cyber Security Framework published by NIST includes the CSF Core. The Core organizes cybersecurity activities into five main functions. Which of the following answers lists these five functions in the correct order?

A. Identify, Protect, Detect, Respond, Recover
B. Detect, Identify, Respond, Recover, Protect
C. Identify, Detect, Respond, Recover, Protect
D. Detect, Identify, Recover, Respond, Protect

Correct Answer: A

Explination: The five main functions of the CSF Core are Identify, Protect, Detect, Respond, and Recover


QUESTION 220

Which of the following frameworks is an architectural framework that defines business requirements from a security perspective, and then continues building levels of detail for the practical implementation?

A. ITL
B. TOGAF
C. SABSA
D. COBIT

Correct Answer: C

Explination: The Sherwood Applied Business Security Architecture (SABSA) is a layered model where business requirements from a security perspective make up the first and most abstract layer. Each subsequent layer is more detailed, ending with the sixth layer detailing practical implementation.


QUESTION 221

A company wants to protect its information according to the varied levels of how sensitive the information is as well as the potential for damage if that information is lost. What sort of policy would most benefit the company?

A. Data classification
B. Data backup
C. Data ownership
D. Data retention

Correct Answer: A

Explination: A data classification policy is the formal document to define and enforce how information is protected by levels of sensitivity.


QUESTION 222

Which of the following requirements would you not expect to find in a password policy?

A. Prohibited types of words
B. Minimum password age
C. Technology solution
D. Types of characters to be used

Correct Answer: C

Explination: A password policy, or any policy, would not specify the technology to be used for enacting its requirements.


QUESTION 223

Which of the following comprises and presents the Information Security Management System (ISMS) standards?

A. The Open Group Architecture Framework
B. IT Governance Institute
C. NIST Cyber Security Framework
D. ISO/IEC 27000 series

Correct Answer: D

Explination: The ISMS is a set of global information security standards, developed by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) and the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC).


QUESTION 224

Which type of procedure is considered synonymous with the term e-discovery?

A. Evidence production
B. Continuous monitoring
C. Control-testing procedures
D. E-mail and fax discovery

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Evidence production is a legal term describing the production of electronic evidence, also known as “e-discovery.”


QUESTION 225

A company is experiencing several unrelated cases of misused user accounts. The user accounts are either created new as privileged accounts or created as new accounts and then elevated to privileged accounts. In either case, the creation of unauthorized accounts must be stopped. After ensuring policy and procedures are being properly carried out, the company determines that the abuse points to a shortcoming in the policy. Which policy most likely needs to be updated to stop this misuse of accounts?

A. Acceptable use policy
B. Account management policy
C. Data ownership policy
D. Password policy

Correct Answer: B

Explination: The account management policy would include requirements about the creation, modification, and deletion of user accounts, as well as how to handle the misuse of accounts.


QUESTION 226

After a routine vulnerability scan of their servers, the Bushwood Country Club discovers 18 holes to be patched. Carl, a junior analyst, asks to perform the patching. However, he seems confused on how move forward with the patching. What is the highest authority and proper documentation for Carl to follow?

A. The organization’s patch management procedures
B. ISO 27002
C. NIST SP 800-53
D. ITIL

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Several best practice standards exist, but because every organization has different needs, manages a different environment, and has a different risk tolerance, the overruling procedure is the organization’s own patch management procedure


QUESTION 227

Companies make use of security controls with different parameters. Which of the following would not influence the choice of security controls and how those controls are implemented?

A. Local or federal law
B. Regulatory requirements
C. Technical expertise to implement
D. The organization’s risk appetite

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Technical expertise might be a requirement for implementing a security control, but it would not generally dissuade a company from using a needed control


QUESTION 228

What type of control is a hardware-based firewall?

A. Administrative control
B. Physical control
C. Test control
D. Logical control

Correct Answer: D

Explination: A firewall is an example of a logical or technical control


QUESTION 229

Carnegie Mellon University developed the Capability Maturity Model Integration, a set of guidelines for establishing a maturity level as well as evaluating security engineering practices. Maturity levels are defined from the Initial level to the most mature, the Optimizing level. Which of the following is the level at which an organization has formal processes in place to collect and analyze quantitative data, and metrics are defined and fed into the process-improvement program?

A. Repeatable
B. Defined
C. Managed
D. Optimizing

Correct Answer: C

Explination: The fourth of five levels, “Managed,” is defined as when an organization has formal processes in place to collect and analyze quantitative data, and metrics are defined and fed into the process-improvement program.


QUESTION 230

Which of the following describes a comprehensive technical evaluation of a system’s security components, with regard to applicable regulations? In some cases, if formal assurance of the system meeting all requirements is needed, management or some responsible entity grants accreditation.

A. Certification
B. Assessment
C. Audit
D. Evaluation

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Certification is the technical evaluation and verification that security components are meeting requirements, often in the context of a regulation or law.


QUESTION 231

On occasion, a system has a vulnerability that cannot be closed because the fix is either too costly or there is no feasible way to fix it directly. At such times, a security control could still be implemented to mitigate the vulnerability, at least partially. Risk assessment combined with additional requirements set by law, regulations, and a company’s policy would govern the control choice. What sort of documentation would an analyst consult to implement such a control?

A. Control-testing procedures
B. Evidence production procedures
C. Remediation plan procedures
D. Compensating control development procedures

Correct Answer: D

Explination: In the case where employing a compensating control is the best action to take, having compensating control development procedures will help guide the decisions to be made


QUESTION 232

Which of the following is not an essential element of exception management procedures?

A. Involving the correct people
B. Listing all stakeholders
C. Ensuring access to the necessary information
D. Documenting steps on how to handle decision disagreements

Correct Answer: B

Explination: The listing of all stakeholders would likely change too often to be feasibly maintained in the procedure. Even a listing of all the potential roles cannot be reasonably managed. Instead, the stakeholders must be identified when an exception is raised.

QUESTION 233

Which of the following context-based authentication methods is the most difficult to forge or falsify?

A. Time
B. Frequency
C. Location
D. Behavior

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Location is understood to be the most difficult techniques to falsify of the four context-based approaches to authentication. Context-based authentication by location means using someone physical location, presumably via GPS, to determine whether that person should be authenticated


QUESTION 234

Your company plans to employ single sign-on for services and web-based applications. It needs to choose a federated identity technology for authorization and, if possible, authentication. Which of the following technologies satisfy the company’s needs? (Choose 3)

A. SAML
B. Active Directory Federated Services
C. OAuth2
D. OpenID

Correct Answer: ABC

Explination: Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) is commonly used for both authentication and authorization. AD Federated Services is used for both authentication and authorization, primarily in Windows environments. The OAuth2 protocol is used generally for authorization, commonly for services. Although OAuth2 is used inside of authentication protocols, it’s technically not a standalone replacement. In any case, the company requires authorization, not authentication.


QUESTION 235

When you’re securing endpoints, what is their main vulnerability in comparison to other identities with regard to authentication?

A. Relative to servers, securing the endpoints is difficult to scale.
B. Compared to applications, endpoints can only rely on token-based authentication.
C. Relative to services, endpoints are vulnerable to replay attacks.
D. Compared to personnel, endpoints are more difficult to lock down.

Correct Answer: C

Explination: In terms of authentication, endpoints are particularly vulnerable to replay attacks.


QUESTION 236

Which of the following context-based authentication methods is likely to reveal someone attempting to brute-force an account using an automated script?

A. Time
B. Frequency
C. Location
D. Behavior

Correct Answer: B

Explination: If someone is using an automated script to guess someone’s credentials via brute force, the frequency of attempts will be far greater than a person could reasonably perform.


QUESTION 237

A company utilizes a resource for storing employee credentials, otherwise known as an identity repository. In general, all employees have their network access validated by a central server. Although most employees work in the headquarters building, a small set of users work in locations that provide all their needed productivity services locally, except for the authentication. Communications between headquarters and these other locations either rely on a dedicated but unreliable low-bandwidth connection or occur across the Internet. All of the following identity repositories, except one, would be acceptable as a solution. Which repository must use a fully reliable and secure network?

A. RADIUS
B. TACAS+
C. LDAP
D. XTACACS

Correct Answer: A

Explination: The Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service (RADIUS) uses UDP, not TCP. Additionally, RADIUS allows the use of a “shared secret” across the network. For both these reasons, using an unreliable or untrusted network is highly discouraged if the company is wanting to use RADIUS


QUESTION 238

What type of identity is unique in that its authorizations can vary in multiple ways?

A. Services
B. Roles
C. Endpoints
D. Applications

Correct Answer: B

Explination: Roles are unique in that there is often a many-to-one relationship between roles and users. A user can have multiple roles, and so the challenge to administrators is to grant access according to the task fitting the role at the time.


QUESTION 239

A few employees have fallen victim to having their passwords compromised. The users claim it is happening after visiting the company’s own internal hourly billing website. The cybersecurity analyst verifies the website code and web server as clean. However, you witness the attack yourself after watching a user click through a text message that reminds them to update their timesheet. What sort of attack seems to be happening here?

A. Man-in-the-middle
B. Cross-site scripting
C. Rootkit
D. Privilege escalation

Correct Answer: B

Explination: Considering that the problem might be originating from a link provided by text, which is extra difficult for users to scrutinize, and that the web server was verified as clean, then cross-site scripting is the likely attack method.


QUESTION 240

A vice president’s workstation is acting erratically, so you investigate the laptop personally. You carefully review the system’s application and security logs. You confirm the antivirus is running and nothing is quarantined. You evaluate the running processes and find nothing out of the ordinary. After using command-line utilities to confirm no strange network connections, you feel somewhat frustrated to find nothing to report. What action should you take next?

A. Return the laptop to the vice president and report that all is fine.
B. Reinstall and update the antivirus to rescan the system.
C. Assume the laptop has a rootkit and wipe the system immediately.
D. Use tools external to the laptop to explore the suspicion of a rootkit.

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Despite suspicious behavior, local tools reporting nothing wrong is a strong suggestion to explore deeper with offline tools. Using tools stored on media outside the system, and if possible without the OS running, can improve visibility without allowing the potential rootkit to mask itself.


QUESTION 241

Manual provisioning of accounts takes considerable time, but still allows a genuine person to exercise due diligence. With regard to auto-provisioning accounts, what is the most critical piece in the identity and access request process never to be compromised?

A. Consumer
B. Identity provider
C. Service provider
D. Network access

Correct Answer: B

Explination: Because auto-provisioning means creating an account on the fly, the service provider (SP) is completely trusting the identity provider’s assertion that the user is allowed to hold an account. Therefore, the identity provider (IDP) cannot be compromised; otherwise, that trust is easily abused.


QUESTION 242

A company recently implemented a self-service password reset mechanism. Although this saves the administrators hours of time dealing with forgotten passwords, a new problem has started. Administrators have noticed brute-force attacks on the password reset page. Even though the password reset page is visible outside the company, the attacks are always against valid e-mails only, so the administrator suspects an insider is responsible. What might be the source of the problem on the reset page?

A. Error messages for invalid input
B. Website source code
C. Constant availability
D. Instructions on reset page usage

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Having different error messages for an invalid username and invalid password only serves to ensure a username is valid. Confirming for the attacker that a username is valid means they can spend more time brute-forcing the password.


QUESTION 243

Knowing the root cause and mechanics behind session hijacking, what is the most effective way to mitigate this specific attack?

A. Employing extremely long session keys
B. Using special character sets within sessions
C. Encrypting the session key
D. Ensuring sessions have a very short timeout

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Encrypting the session keys would certainly stop the keys from being captured or stolen.


QUESTION 244

Because the user appreciates how important security is when banking online, they carefully type the bank’s website address, beginning with HTTPS. However, when the browser resolves the address, the user sees a puzzling pop-up message about a certificate server. Moving past the message, the user is at a website that appears familiar, so they feel safe enough to enter their credentials. Unfortunately, the account funds are emptied shortly thereafter. What was the likely attack used, even though the user tried hard to avoid it?

A. Privilege escalation
B. Rootkit
C. Cross-site scripting
D. Man-in-the-middle

Correct Answer: D

Explination: The user likely typed in HTTPS correctly but might have accidentally visited a malicious website designed to appear like their bank. The certificate error was warning of an invalid or untrusted certificate server


QUESTION 245

You’re the manager of a small team of information security specialists. The team recently ended a challenging period of a few incidents and one forensic investigation involving law enforcement. Given that the incidents and investigation are finished, the team seems to be struggling considerably. In fact, you notice that the patch rollout cycle is inconsistent, occasionally taking twice as long as it should. What might you consider to be most helpful to the team?

A. Succession planning
B. Awarding team members for dedication
C. Mandatory vacation
D. Cross-training

Correct Answer: C

Explination: After the described recent workload, the team is likely tired and weary. Further, as the narrative explained about the inconsistent patch management cycle, the team has grown complacent. In this case, mandatory vacation is required to ensure team members get the needed rest.


QUESTION 246

Over time, the specific needs on systems, applications, and business processes will change. How an organization approaches and accomplishes these changes depends on the maturity of the organization. In the context of continual changes, what distinguishes a mature organization from other organizations?

A. Process improvement
B. Process definition
C. Process documentation
D. Process management

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Continual process improvement is a defining characteristic of a mature organization.


QUESTION 247

An incoming CIO starts their first day on the job by reading and becoming familiar with the company’s security policies. The CIO dusts off policies about the management of pagers, fax machines, and CRT monitors, among other policies that seem to apply to technology no longer applicable to the business’s goals and operations today. What might the incoming CIO add to their to-do list to address this issue?

A. Retirement of processes
B. Automated reporting
C. Deputy CIO
D. Scheduled reviews

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Given the outdated policies, it seems the organization is lacking any review of security policies. Holding regularly or periodically scheduled security reviews helps validate policies as effective and relevant.


QUESTION 248

What software approach can ensure that the security and management functions of an organization can operate and cooperate together?

A. Cross-training
B. Custom APIs
C. Security suites
D. Security appliances

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Security suites are a type of software that offers multiple security and management-related functions. Also called “multilayered security,” security suites ensure a level of consistency and interoperability that having several disparate, single-function applications cannot offer.


QUESTION 249

A company has recently implemented Elasticsearch, Logstash, and Kibana (ELK) as a central part of its SIEM. Which features has the company gained in their SIEM that were likely missing before? (Select two.)

A. Data outsourcing
B. Data aggregation
C. Data correlation
D. Data automation

Correct Answer: BC

Explination: The aggregation and correlation of data are both well handled by ELK, or the three applications known fully as Elasticsearch, Logstash, and Kibana. With so many varied types of data, from a myriad of source applications and devices, it becomes quickly overwhelming to a person to collect, review, and analyze all this data to glean actionable information from it.


QUESTION 250

Which of the following is not a key concern for organizations relying on an outsourcing firm?

A. Sufficient vetting
B. Access to sensitive data by non-employees
C. Redundancy of efforts
D. Agreement on incident-handling responsibilities and decision-making

Correct Answer: C

Explination: When you’re dealing with outsourcing, the redundancy of efforts is not the problem.


QUESTION 251

A recent incident at a company revealed that a normal employee has been using special network-analyzing software to capture and read internal e-mails. What control could be put in place to immediately stop this?

A. E-mail signatures
B. Cryptography
C. Two-factor login authentication
D. Network segmentation between departments

Correct Answer: B

Explination: If cryptography were in place to protect e-mail while in transit, attempts to capture and read it would prove futile


QUESTION 252

Compensating controls are available from both personnel and technology categories. Which of the following are technology-based controls? (Choose 3)

A. Automated log review and reporting
B. Load balancers
C. Dual control
D. Cross-training
E. Network design

Correct Answer: ABE

Explination: Automated log review and reporting, load balancers, and network design are technology-based compensating controls. Technology-based controls provide the speed, automation, and opportunities to minimize the impact of human error and complacency


QUESTION 253

The government bureau of Urban Development and Enrichment (UDE) has three information security personnel: two analysts and a director. The analysts, Donnie and Walter, divide up the typical  information  security  responsibilities  for  the  bureau.  Today’s  duties  include  reviewing  several  logs  and  creating  a  few  accounts.  Regarding  the  review  of  logs,  an  analyst  reviews  only  the logs of systems that once belonged to internal departments the analyst has been qualified by (a procedure dating back before all departments were merged). The procedure for creating a new account begins with an analyst filling in account information in the directory service and then submitting the account request to the director. The Director of UDE will log in to approve and activate the new account.
#############################################
On this particular day, Walter has invited a vendor to come demonstrate a log review tool. At the last minute, the vendor mentions he will need a specially named account. Walter assures the vendor that the account will be ready in time for their 3:00 p.m.appointment. Walter informs the Director of UDE (DUDE) that the account is needed urgently and thus requests that he handle both steps of filling in the account info and the account approval. The DUDE abides. What particular security control is Walter breaking by circumventing the change request?

A. Dual control
B. Outsourcing
C. Succession planning
D. Separation of duties

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Separation of duties means it takes two people to perform a task, each performing their own part, to mitigate the risk of abuse of power. In this case, Walter has assumed the responsibility, given no technical restraint or control, to both create and approve a new account. Therefore, he has circumvented the separation of duties


QUESTION 254

The government bureau of Urban Development and Enrichment (UDE) has three information security personnel: two analysts and a director. The analysts, Donnie and Walter, divide up the typical  information  security  responsibilities  for  the  bureau.  Today’s  duties  include  reviewing  several  logs  and  creating  a  few  accounts.  Regarding  the  review  of  logs,  an  analyst  reviews  only  the logs of systems that once belonged to internal departments the analyst has been qualified by (a procedure dating back before all departments were merged). The procedure for creating a new account begins with an analyst filling in account information in the directory service and then submitting the account request to the director. The Director of UDE will log in to approve and activate the new account.
#############################################
Donnie regularly reviews the event logs on the Windows desktop systems. However, a few Linux systems are missed because Donnie is not familiar with them. What similar feature on the Linux systems is he missing?

A. L.Event log
B. Linux logs
C. Messages
D. Syslogs

Correct Answer: D

Explination: As Donnie knows, the Windows Event log reports an assortment of system-related messages for the administrator. The logging feature synonymous with the Windows Event log on Linux systems is syslog. Syslog is the common system message protocol used by most network devices, appliances, and UNIX/Linux systems


QUESTION 255

The government bureau of Urban Development and Enrichment (UDE) has three information security personnel: two analysts and a director. The analysts, Donnie and Walter, divide up the typical  information  security  responsibilities  for  the  bureau.  Today’s  duties  include  reviewing  several  logs  and  creating  a  few  accounts.  Regarding  the  review  of  logs,  an  analyst  reviews  only  the logs of systems that once belonged to internal departments the analyst has been qualified by (a procedure dating back before all departments were merged). The procedure for creating a new account begins with an analyst filling in account information in the directory service and then submitting the account request to the director. The Director of UDE will log in to approve and activate the new account.
#############################################
Some network perimeter devices have been experiencing denial of service attempts over the past several months. Even though the attempts are increasing, Donnie is confident the firewall can handle the added load for the immediate future. However, by Walter’s analysis, the bureau should consider purchasing a more robust firewall soon. What type of analysis is Walter performing to come to this conclusion

A. Firewall log analysis
B. Historical analysis
C. Trend analysis
D. Data correlation

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Trend analysis is the process of analyzing what has been happening, in order to foresee what will happen. Trend analysis is similar to historical analysis but should be considered forward-looking analysis


QUESTION 256

The government bureau of Urban Development and Enrichment (UDE) has three information security personnel: two analysts and a director. The analysts, Donnie and Walter, divide up the typical  information  security  responsibilities  for  the  bureau.  Today’s  duties  include  reviewing  several  logs  and  creating  a  few  accounts.  Regarding  the  review  of  logs,  an  analyst  reviews  only  the logs of systems that once belonged to internal departments the analyst has been qualified by (a procedure dating back before all departments were merged). The procedure for creating a new account begins with an analyst filling in account information in the directory service and then submitting the account request to the director. The Director of UDE will log in to approve and activate the new account.
#############################################
As mentioned earlier, Walter and Donnie need to be “qualified” to review logs of particular departmental systems, even though all of the bureau’s departments are now merged together. This causes added administrative overhead for each new system brought online. What change control process is failing?

A. Retirement of process
B. Separation of duties
C. Procedural training
D. Scheduled reviews

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Because the reasoning behind the process is outdated, and the process serves little value today, that process should be retired. This activity of reviewing and removing obsolete processes is called “retirement of process.”


QUESTION 257

The government bureau of Urban Development and Enrichment (UDE) has three information security personnel: two analysts and a director. The analysts, Donnie and Walter, divide up the typical  information  security  responsibilities  for  the  bureau.  Today’s  duties  include  reviewing  several  logs  and  creating  a  few  accounts.  Regarding  the  review  of  logs,  an  analyst  reviews  only  the logs of systems that once belonged to internal departments the analyst has been qualified by (a procedure dating back before all departments were merged). The procedure for creating a new account begins with an analyst filling in account information in the directory service and then submitting the account request to the director. The Director of UDE will log in to approve and activate the new account.
#############################################
The bureau has procured the new log review application. However, the task of integrating this application in with current systems is apparently quite challenging and specialized. Integration requires a high level of experience in database optimization, which only Walter possesses, at an intermediate level. The integration process is described by the vendor as “quick and painless” because all their sales engineers are both skilled and experienced in the requisite knowledge. What might be the best action to take, and who will be involved?

A. Training (vendor trains Donnie)
B. Dual control (vendor and Walter)
C. Separation of duties (Donnie and Walter)
D. Consultant (vendor)

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Hiring the application vendor as a consultant for the purpose of integrating the application is the correct solution. Hiring a consultant is often done because they possess specialized knowledge. In this case, the vendor knows how to integrate the software far more easily than the bureau’s own staff does. This makes the software vendor a third party, in service to the bureau for the time period necessary to install the application. In this temporary role, no doubt the vendor will need to sign an NDA to mitigate the risk of sensitive information being exposed during their service.


QUESTION 258

Recent news articles on hacker sites mention a new type of scanning seen in the wild in recent weeks. The articles say the only way to confirm such a scan is occurring is to collect data from devices already aware of a particular packet signature and compare those events to the logs of the network perimeter gateway for the internal network. Besides the IDS, where else could you look?

A. Syslog
B. Firewall log
C. Switch log
D. IPS log

Correct Answer: B

Explination: You need to collect logs from your IDS and the firewall, according to the articles. The benefit of having multiple protective devices, such as a firewall and an IDS/IPS, is to provide defense in depth, or a layered approach to security


QUESTION 259

A developer has just finished modifying an application—specifically, how input is processed. As part of the development cycle, their application must go through testing to determine what, if any, security vulnerabilities might exist as a result. What technique should a tester use to find any flaws in the developer’s changes?

A. Web application vulnerability scanning
B. SQL injection
C. User acceptance
D. Fuzzing

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Fuzzing, or fuzz testing, is specifically intended to create invalid input or unexpected amounts of input, hoping to trigger an unexpected response. Given a way to monitor that response, security testers can explore how that response could be leveraged into an exploit


QUESTION 260

The finance application seems to operate fine, so long as only a few people are connected to it. However, at the end of the month, when nearly everyone in the company connects to this application, it actually freezes. Even after people stop trying, the application is locked up until an administrator resets it. What type of software testing should have caught this problem?

A. Input validation testing
B. Fuzzing
C. Regression testing
D. Stress testing

Correct Answer: D

Explination: From the narrative, it sounds like the application functions so long as it is not under too much demand. Stress testing would have caught that issue, had it been done.


QUESTION 261

What organization, best known for its Top Ten list, specializes in web security issues?

A. SANS Institute
B. CMMI
C. OWASP
D. CIS

Correct Answer: C

Explination: The Open Web Application Security Project is an organization that specifically addresses web security issues. What most people know OWASP from is its Top Ten common web application security concerns, published almost every year


QUESTION 262

To reduce the number of modifications soon after an application’s release, what practice is done to verify the application will be used as developers expected?

A. Stress testing
B. Static code analysis
C. User acceptance testing
D. Manual peer review

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Before an application gets released, it’s common to have it tested by a handful of users. These early users will report on what should be changed before the application goes to a wider audience. This is called user acceptance testing


QUESTION 263

Tywin is the CEO of a factory where most employees are paid hourly. Employees must submit on paper all their expected hours for the week by Tuesday to get paid on Friday. Jon, the factory floor manager, shares with Tywin that every week he hears the same complaints from employees: “How do I know by Tuesday that my schedule won’t change by Friday?” Understanding the need for  a  quicker  way  to  submit  hours,  Tywin  remembers  that  his  neighbor’s  son,  Sam,  has  been  taking web development courses at a university for a few semesters. Therefore, Tywin offers Sam an opportunity to help. After  a  few  weeks  of  development,  Sam  launches  a  web  application.  Employees  are  told  to  authenticate  and  enter  their  hours  using  this  application.  The  application  then  submits  the  hours to the Finance department and tells employees how much they can expect to get paid on Friday. Hours can be submitted as late as Thursday night. Jon reports to Tywin that employees are happy with the web application and it seems to be the subject of a constant buzz around the break room.
############
A very honest user tells Jon that if a user enters a single quote, followed by “OR 1=1” in the password field, they can make the application reply with the hours of any employee. What part of software development did Sam likely overlook?

A. Parameter validation
B. Input validation
C. Stress testing
D. Session tokens not randomized

Correct Answer: B

Explination: Input validation is the coding practice of verifying that a user’s input falls within the expected range in size, character types, and format


QUESTION 264

Tywin is the CEO of a factory where most employees are paid hourly. Employees must submit on paper all their expected hours for the week by Tuesday to get paid on Friday. Jon, the factory floor manager, shares with Tywin that every week he hears the same complaints from employees: “How do I know by Tuesday that my schedule won’t change by Friday?” Understanding the need for  a  quicker  way  to  submit  hours,  Tywin  remembers  that  his  neighbor’s  son,  Sam,  has  been  taking web development courses at a university for a few semesters. Therefore, Tywin offers Sam an opportunity to help. After  a  few  weeks  of  development,  Sam  launches  a  web  application.  Employees  are  told  to  authenticate  and  enter  their  hours  using  this  application.  The  application  then  submits  the  hours to the Finance department and tells employees how much they can expect to get paid on Friday. Hours can be submitted as late as Thursday night. Jon reports to Tywin that employees are happy with the web application and it seems to be the subject of a constant buzz around the break room.
############
Another honest user, Arya, reports that if she changes the user ID in the URL to someone else’s ID number, she can get the paycheck total for that other person’s week. The same user claims by changing other parameters in the URL, she can make the server reveal much information about itself and the application. If you could hire this Arya to perform security analysis work, what type of work does her experience seem to match?

A. Regression testing
B. Interception proxy
C. User acceptance testing
D. Vulnerability scanning

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Arya seems determined to find vulnerabilities in this web application. She successfully attempted URL manipulation as well as found information leaks. In this case, URL manipulation was able to make the application return another person’s paycheck amount. Web application vulnerability scanning would encompass these and many other checks, including cross-site scripting (XSS), improper use of HTTPS, improper user authentication, and more


QUESTION 265

Tywin is the CEO of a factory where most employees are paid hourly. Employees must submit on paper all their expected hours for the week by Tuesday to get paid on Friday. Jon, the factory floor manager, shares with Tywin that every week he hears the same complaints from employees: “How do I know by Tuesday that my schedule won’t change by Friday?” Understanding the need for  a  quicker  way  to  submit  hours,  Tywin  remembers  that  his  neighbor’s  son,  Sam,  has  been  taking web development courses at a university for a few semesters. Therefore, Tywin offers Sam an opportunity to help. After  a  few  weeks  of  development,  Sam  launches  a  web  application.  Employees  are  told  to  authenticate  and  enter  their  hours  using  this  application.  The  application  then  submits  the  hours to the Finance department and tells employees how much they can expect to get paid on Friday. Hours can be submitted as late as Thursday night. Jon reports to Tywin that employees are happy with the web application and it seems to be the subject of a constant buzz around the break room.
############
A very honest user tells Jon that if a user enters a single quote, followed by “OR 1=1” in the password field, they can make the application reply with the hours of any employee. Arya, reports that if she changes the user ID in the URL to someone else’s ID number, she can get the paycheck total for that other person’s week. The same user claims by changing other parameters in the URL, she can make the server reveal much information about itself and the application.
############
Considering the issues discovered to date, what phase of software development was likely missing during the application lifecycle?

A. Security requirements definition
B. Stress testing
C. Security regression testing
D. Operations and Maintenance
E. User acceptance testing

Correct Answer: A

Explination: It seems the developer did very little security testing prior to the application’s release. If security requirements had been submitted and followed closely over the course of development, many of these issues could have been avoided. Truly, these are dark times


QUESTION 266

What detailed guides published by the CIS are equivalent to the Security Technical Implementation Guides published by the Defense Information System Agency and other government entities?

A. Regression reports
B. Benchmarks
C. Security requirements definitions
D. Secure coding best practice guides

Correct Answer: B

Explination: The Center for Internet Security Benchmarks are detailed configuration guides that are comparable to the STIGs published by the DISA and other government agencies. These guides are free to download, are available for desktop, mobile, server, and network devices, and cover both hardware and virtual platforms. They are highly recommended for anyone to review and understand


QUESTION 267

The Center for Internet Security has organized focus groups and built consensus to formulate a group of 20 “CIS Controls.” These controls are separated in groups of Basic, Foundational, and Organizational. What is the intended aim of these controls?

A. Employee-controlled access
B. Software development best practices
C. Wireless access control
D. System design recommendations

Correct Answer: D

Explination: The CIS Controls are system design recommendations, grouped into three categories: Basic, Foundational, and Organizational. These consensus-based best practices provide a set of actionable recommendations, intended for anyone responsible for information security


QUESTION 268

Which of the follow tools are considered exploit tools? (Choose 2)

A. Nagios
B. Splunk
C. OSSIM
D. Burp Suite
E. Metasploit

Correct Answer: DE

Explination: Both Burp Suite and Metasploit are exploitative tools. Burp Suite is a web application testing platform, able to provide analysis of a web application’s vulnerabilities. The Metasploit Framework is an exploit tool that includes a large array of modular-like exploit code that a user can execute against a target


QUESTION 269

According to firewall logs, an external, known malware server has tried communicating with a few workstations. A relevant sample log entry is shown below. You quickly determine those workstations are beaconing to that server. Quick assessment shows the workstations are infected by a popular Trojan. After you isolate those workstations, your concern is what other workstations might be infected. What tool should you use to identify other workstations?
################################################################################################################
date:		priority:	description:	scource:		S.port:	destination:	D.port:		protocal:	event: #
2018-10-31	2			Orca Response	72.247.244.88	25278	192.168.175.10	5297		udp			Alert  #
2018-10-31	2			Orca Response	72.247.244.88	25278	192.168.175.27	5297		udp			Alert  #
2018-10-31	2			Orca Response	72.247.244.88	25278	192.168.175.18	5297		udp			Alert  #
2018-10-31	2			Orca Response	72.247.244.88	25278	192.168.175.83	5297		udp			Alert  #
################################################################################################################

A. Nessus
B. MRTG
C. nmap
D. netstat
E. QRadar

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Given that the port number is known from the firewall log, it would be best to scan the network for workstations listening on port 5297. This can be done quickly and easily with the port scanner utility nmap


QUESTION 270

Which of the following vulnerability scanners is the open source and free version of the commercially licensed scanner Nessus?

A. Nikto
B. OpenVAS
C. Nexpose
D. Qualys

Correct Answer: B

Explination: OpenVAS is open source and free to use. Originally forked from the Nessus project, OpenVAS is similarly structured and capable


QUESTION 271

A recent incident has led to law enforcement (LE) taking several employees’ mobile devices. LE requires data extraction from these devices, while ensuring no changes to the data can be made during extraction. Given the scope of their effort, and how it’s done on company-managed devices, LE asks for your suggestion on the proper forensic tool for the job. What forensic tool suite would you recommend?

A. EnCase
B. FTK Imager
C. Sysinternals
D. Cellebrite
E. Helix

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Cellebrite’s flagship product, the Universal Forensic Extraction Device (UFED), is a handheld device for facilitating data extraction while also employing write blocking


QUESTION 272

As a safety measure, a finance manager has been archiving the small company’s finance folder every evening, keeping the backup off the server. One early morning, the manager asks you if there is any way to ensure that the files have not changed since they were archived the night before. What tools can you use to demonstrate no changes have been made? (Choose 2)

A. md5sum
B. tcpdump
C. shasum
D. Vega
E. ZAP

Correct Answer: AC

Explination: To verify the collection of files remain the same as the archive, the finance manager should archive the files again and then compare hashes made from the two archives. A hash is a value computed from the precise structure of a file. Only if the archives are exactly alike will the two hash values be exactly alike. The two utilities shown that create such hash values are md5sum and shasum


QUESTION 273

The in-house development team is proud of their newest XML application. They claim that if you can break the application just by entering data in it like a user would, they will buy you lunch. Seeing how you are quite hungry, what tool do you reach for?

A. ModSecurity
B. Kiwi Syslog
C. Cain & Abel
D. Untidy

Correct Answer: D

Explination: Untidy is a fuzzing tool, meaning its purpose is to send unexpected input to an application with the intent of breaking or crashing it. Input varies in type and size, from slightly “off ” to vastly different from what the application expects. Untidy works with XML and modifies it before inputting it. Currently, Untidy is part of the Peach Fuzzer project. Peach Fuzzer is a suite of fuzzing tools that rely on XML-based modules, which their designers call “pits.” The pits are what configure the tool concerning how to conduct the test.


QUESTION 274

Your CEO recently read an article titled “Security Information and Event Management—How You Can Know Everything.” The CEO has always been interested in alerts you receive from the company’s vast array of systems, but he now is willing to invest in real-time analysis of those alerts. Which tool would you suggest the CEO invest in?

A. ArcSight
B. Bro
C. Cacti
D. tcpdump

Correct Answer: A

Explination: ArcSight is a powerful trio of platforms, intended for medium to large companies. Its correlation and analytics engines are mature and well-respected in the field of SIEM solutions. The CEO would be quite proud and pleased with ArcSight integrated into the current fold of alert management systems


QUESTION 275

In the Department of Research and Development, one of the Windows servers goes offline once or twice a day. Each outage lasts only three to five minutes. The server drops offline and restores connectivity  with  no  apparent  cause  or  pattern.  Every  outage  is  temporary,  but  it’s  disruptive  enough  that  the  department  manager  has  finally  demanded  an  investigation.  After  a  network  engineer diagnosed the routing table and wiring as fine and a system admin was unable to repli-cate the problem, they then turn to security.
#################
Although the networking and routing have been determined to be good, there could still be a networking issue to detect on the system. What command-line utility could be used to display open sockets and network connections?

A. nslookup
B. nmap
C. netstat
D. tracert

Correct Answer: C

Explination: The command-line utility netstat will display current sockets and network connections


QUESTION 276

In the Department of Research and Development, one of the Windows servers goes offline once or twice a day. Each outage lasts only three to five minutes. The server drops offline and restores connectivity  with  no  apparent  cause  or  pattern.  Every  outage  is  temporary,  but  it’s  disruptive  enough  that  the  department  manager  has  finally  demanded  an  investigation.  After  a  network  engineer diagnosed the routing table and wiring as fine and a system admin was unable to repli-cate the problem, they then turn to security.
###################
The networking connections display one external, foreign IP address with an active connection. What device or application would be the first choice to corroborate this finding as well as to stop it?

A. Antivirus
B. Firewall
C. Antimalware
D. IPS

Correct Answer: B

Explination: If there is a connection between an internal system and an external system, the connection passes through the firewall. The firewall is a network perimeter device that will either deny or allow a connection to take place, depending on the rules you instruct the firewall to follow


QUESTION 277

What Next-Generation Firewall (NGFW) company released “Wildfire,” a cloud-based malware-detection service?

A. Cisco
B. Check Point
C. Palo Alto
D. Sourcefire

Correct Answer: C

Explination: Wildfire is a subscription service from Palo Alto. With Wildfire, Palo Alto moves malware detection to the cloud


QUESTION 278

A special-purpose workstation connects with several external hosts during the normal workday. On  the  rare  occasion,  a  connection  triggers  an  alert  on  a  network  intrusion  detection  system  or  some  other  security  device  because  malicious  traffic  is  detected.  This  is  because  none  of  the  external nodes are under the company’s control or security policy. Because this is a necessary func-tion of this particular workstation, the potential for malicious traffic is an acceptable risk.
##################
What should be the first line of defense to protect the workstation from a security incident?

A. Antivirus
B. Firewall
C. HIDS
D. Network-based IDS

Correct Answer: A

Explination: Antivirus (AV) on the host should be an obvious first line of defense. AV should be already present, at a minimum


QUESTION 279

A special-purpose workstation connects with several external hosts during the normal workday. On  the  rare  occasion,  a  connection  triggers  an  alert  on  a  network  intrusion  detection  system  or  some  other  security  device  because  malicious  traffic  is  detected.  This  is  because  none  of  the  external nodes are under the company’s control or security policy. Because this is a necessary func-tion of this particular workstation, the potential for malicious traffic is an acceptable risk.
##################
The new CISO has decided the workstation must connect via VPN to improve security. What, if any, change in controls should be considered?

A. Adding an HIPS
B. Ensuring the CA is up to date
C. Capturing packet headers
D. No change in controls needed

Correct Answer: A

Explination: If a VPN is used between the workstation and a foreign node (which is a very dangerous idea, by the way), then all traffic is now encrypted and unviewable by the company’s own network security devices. Only a host-based IDS or IPS can view the traffic as it leaves or enters the endpoint. Therefore, adding an HIPS is the correct choice


QUESTION 280

What network-monitoring application is the following rule useful for?
--------------------------
alert tcp $ $EXTERNAL_NET any -> $HOME_NET any (msg: "You're gonna need a bigger boat"; content: "dun_dun"; depth:5; nocase; detection_filter: track by_src, count 3, seconds 2;)

A. Metasploit
B. Web proxy
C. Network General
D. Snort
E. Most firewalls

Correct Answer: D

Explination: The provided example is a Snort rule. Functionally, the rule will detect and alert on packets containing “dun_dun” in their content at a depth of five octets, and sensing three such packets within two seconds from a single source. (Although this rule is likely not practical in the real world, I think coastal data centers should include it in their Snort rule set.) Snort installations come with close to 2000 stock rules in various readable text files. Various sets of rules are available for use depending on your environment, OS platform, or applications running
