QUESTION 4

 Which of the following would a security specialist be able to determine upon examination of a server™s certificate?  

A. CA public key 
B. Server private key 
C. CSR 
D. OID  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 5

 A security analyst is diagnosing an incident in which a system was compromised from an external IP address. The socket identified on the firewall was traced to 207.46.130.0:6666. Which of the following should the security analyst do to determine if the compromised system still has an active connection?  

A. tracert 
B. netstat 
C. ping 
D. nslookup  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 6

 Multiple organizations operating in the same vertical want to provide seamless wireless access for their employees as they visit the other organizations. Which of the following should be implemented if all the organizations use the native 802.1x client on their mobile devices?  

A. Shibboleth 
B. RADIUS federation 
C. SAML 
D. OAuth 
E. OpenID connect  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 7

 Which of the following BEST describes an important security advantage yielded by implementing vendor diversity?  

A. Sustainability 
B. Homogeneity 
C. Resiliency 
D. Configurability  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 8

 In a corporation where compute utilization spikes several times a year, the Chief Information Officer (CIO) has requested a cost-effective architecture to handle the variable capacity demand. Which of the following characteristics BEST describes what the CIO has requested?  

A. Elasticity 
B. Scalability 
C. High availability 
D. Redundancy  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 9

 A security engineer is configuring a system that requires the X.509 certificate information to be pasted into a form field in Base64 encoded format to import it into the system. Which of the following certificate formats should the engineer use to obtain the information in the required format?  

A. PFX 
B. PEM 
C. DER 
D. CER  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 10

 Which of the following attacks specifically impact data availability?  

A. DDoS 
B. Trojan 
C. MITM 
D. Rootkit  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 11

 A security analyst is hardening a server with the directory services role installed. The analyst must ensure LDAP traffic cannot be monitored or sniffed and maintains compatibility with LDAP clients. Which of the following should the analyst implement to meet these requirements? (Select two.)  

A. Generate an X.509-compliant certificate that is signed by a trusted C
B. Install and configure an SSH tunnel on the LDAP server. 
C. Ensure port 389 is open between the clients and the servers using the communication. 
D. Ensure port 636 is open between the clients and the servers using the communication. 
E. Remote the LDAP directory service role from the server.  

Correct Answer: AD


QUESTION 12

 Which of the following threat actors is MOST likely to steal a company™s proprietary information to gain a market edge and reduce time to market?  

A. Competitor 
B. Hacktivist 
C. Insider 
D. Organized crime.  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 13

 A penetration tester is crawling a target website that is available to the public. Which of the following represents the actions the penetration tester is performing?  

A. URL hijacking 
B. Reconnaissance 
C. White box testing 
D. Escalation of privilege  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 14

 Which of the following characteristics differentiate a rainbow table attack from a brute force attack? (Select two.)  

A. Rainbow table attacks greatly reduce compute cycles at attack time. 
B. Rainbow tables must include precomputed hashes. 
C. Rainbow table attacks do not require access to hashed passwords. 
D. Rainbow table attacks must be performed on the network. 
E. Rainbow table attacks bypass maximum failed login restrictions.  

Correct Answer: BE


QUESTION 15

 Which of the following best describes routine in which semicolons, dashes, quotes, and commas are removed from a string?  

A. Error handling to protect against program exploitation 
B. Exception handling to protect against XSRF attacks. 
C. Input validation to protect against SQL injection. 
D. Padding to protect against string buffer overflows.  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 16

 A security analyst wishes to increase the security of an FTP server. Currently, all traffic to the FTP server is unencrypted. Users connecting to the FTP server use a variety of modern FTP client software. The security analyst wants to keep the same port and protocol, while also still allowing unencrypted connections. Which of the following would BEST accomplish these goals?  

A. Require the SFTP protocol to connect to the file server. 
B. Use implicit TLS on the FTP server. 
C. Use explicit FTPS for connections. 
D. Use SSH tunneling to encrypt the FTP traffic.  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 17

 Which of the following explains why vendors publish MD5 values when they provide software patches for their customers to download over the Internet?  

A. The recipient can verify integrity of the software patch. 
B. The recipient can verify the authenticity of the site used to download the patch. 
C. The recipient can request future updates to the software using the published MD5 value. 
D. The recipient can successfully activate the new software patch.  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 18

 Refer to the following code:  Which of the following vulnerabilities would occur if this is executed?  

A. Page exception 
B. Pointer deference 
C. NullPointerException 
D. Missing null check  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 19

 Multiple employees receive an email with a malicious attachment that begins to encrypt their hard drives and mapped shares on their devices when it is opened. The network and security teams perform the following actions: Shut down all network shares. Run an email search identifying all employees who received the malicious message. Reimage all devices belonging to users who opened the attachment. Next, the teams want to re-enable the network shares. Which of the following BEST describes this phase of the incident response process?  

A. Eradication 
B. Containment 
C. Recovery 
D. Lessons learned  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 20

 An organization has determined it can tolerate a maximum of three hours of downtime. Which of the following has been specified?  

A. RTO 
B. RPO 
C. MTBF 
D. MTTR  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 21

 Which of the following types of keys is found in a key escrow?  

A. Public 
B. Private 
C. Shared 
D. Session  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 22

 A security analyst is reviewing the following output from an IPS:  Given this output, which of the following can be concluded? (Select two.)  

A. The source IP of the attack is coming from 250.19.18.22. 
B. The source IP of the attack is coming from 250.19.18.71. 
C. The attacker sent a malformed IGAP packet, triggering the alert. 
D. The attacker sent a malformed TCP packet, triggering the alert. 
E. The TTL value is outside of the expected range, triggering the alert.  

Correct Answer: BC


QUESTION 23

 Despite having implemented password policies, users continue to set the same weak passwords and reuse old passwords. Which of the following technical controls would help prevent these policy violations? (Select two.)  

A. Password expiration 
B. Password length 
C. Password complexity 
D. Password history 
E. Password lockout  

Correct Answer: CD


QUESTION 24

 Which of the following types of cloud infrastructures would allow several organizations with similar structures and interests to realize the benefits of shared storage and resources?  

A. Private 
B. Hybrid 
C. Public 
D. Community  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 25

 A company is currently using the following configuration: - IAS server with certificate-based EAP-PEAP and MSCHAP - Unencrypted authentication via PAP A security administrator needs to configure a new wireless setup with the following configurations: - PAP authentication method - PEAP and EAP provide two-factor authentication Which of the following forms of authentication are being used? (Select two.)  

A. PAP 
B. PEAP 
C. MSCHAP 
D. PEAP- MSCHAP 
E. EAP 
F. EAP-PEAP  

Correct Answer: AC


QUESTION 26

 An auditor wants to test the security posture of an organization by running a tool that will display the following Which of the following commands should be used?  

A. nbtstat 
B. nc 
C. arp 
D. ipconfig  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 27

 A company determines that it is prohibitively expensive to become compliant with new credit card regulations. Instead, the company decides to purchase insurance to cover the cost of any potential loss. Which of the following is the company doing?  

A. Transferring the risk 
B. Accepting the risk 
C. Avoiding the risk 
D. Migrating the risk  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 28

 A company is using a mobile device deployment model in which employees use their personal devices for work at their own discretion. Some of the problems the company is encountering include the following: - There is no standardization. - Employees ask for reimbursement for their devices. - Employees do not replace their devices often enough to keep them running efficiently. - The company does not have enough control over the devices. Which of the following is a deployment model that would help the company overcome these problems?  

A. BYOD 
B. VDI 
C. COPE 
D. CYOD  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 29

 A botnet has hit a popular website with a massive number of GRE-encapsulated packets to perform a DDoS attack. News outlets discover a certain type of refrigerator was exploited and used to send outbound packets to the website that crashed. To which of the following categories does the refrigerator belong?  

A. SoC 
B. ICS 
C. IoT 
D. MFD  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 30

 Users report the following message appears when browsing to the company™s secure site: This website cannot be trusted. Which of the following actions should a security analyst take to resolve these messages? (Select two.)  

A. Verify the certificate has not expired on the server. 
B. Ensure the certificate has a .pfx extension on the server. 
C. Update the root certificate into the client computer certificate store. 
D. Install the updated private key on the web server. 
E. Have users clear their browsing history and relaunch the session.  

Correct Answer: AC


QUESTION 31

 When trying to log onto a company™s new ticketing system, some employees receive the following message: Access denied: too many concurrent sessions. The ticketing system was recently installed on a small VM with only the recommended hardware specifications. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause for this error message?  

A. Network resources have been exceeded. 
B. The software is out of licenses. 
C. The VM does not have enough processing power. 
D. The firewall is misconfigured.  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 32

 Joe, an employee, wants to show his colleagues how much he knows about smartphones. Joe demonstrates a free movie application that he installed from a third party on his corporate smartphone. Joe™s colleagues were unable to find the application in the app stores. Which of the following allowed Joe to install the application? (Select two.)  

A. Near-field communication. 
B. Rooting/jailbreaking 
C. Ad-hoc connections 
D. Tethering 
E. Sideloading  

Correct Answer: BE


QUESTION 33

 Which of the following can be provided to an AAA system for the identification phase?  

A. Username 
B. Permissions 
C. One-time token 
D. Private certificate  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 34

 Which of the following implements two-factor authentication?  

A. A phone system requiring a PIN to make a call 
B. At ATM requiring a credit card and PIN 
C. A computer requiring username and password 
D. A datacenter mantrap requiring fingerprint and iris scan  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 35

 Malicious traffic from an internal network has been detected on an unauthorized port on an application server. Which of the following network-based security controls should the engineer consider implementing?  

A. ACLs 
B. HIPS 
C. NAT 
D. MAC filtering  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 36

 A network administrator wants to implement a method of securing internal routing. Which of the following should the administrator implement?  

A. DMZ 
B. NAT 
C. VPN 
D. PAT  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 37

 A security administrator is developing controls for creating audit trails and tracking if a PHI data breach is to occur. The administrator has been given the following requirements: - All access must be correlated to a user account. - All user accounts must be assigned to a single individual. - User access to the PHI data must be recorded. - Anomalies in PHI data access must be reported. - Logs and records cannot be deleted or modified. Which of the following should the administrator implement to meet the above requirements? (Select three.) 

A. Eliminate shared accounts. 
B. Create a standard naming convention for accounts. 
C. Implement usage auditing and review. 
D. Enable account lockout thresholds. 
E. Copy logs in real time to a secured WORM drive. 
F. Implement time-of-day restrictions. 
G. Perform regular permission audits and reviews.  

Correct Answer: ACG


QUESTION 38

 Which of the following encryption methods does PKI typically use to securely protect keys?  

A. Elliptic curve 
B. Digital signatures 
C. Asymmetric 
D. Obfuscation  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 39

 An organization is using a tool to perform a source code review. Which of the following describes the case in which the tool incorrectly identifies the vulnerability?  

A. False negative 
B. True negative 
C. False positive 
D. True positive  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 41

 A department head at a university resigned on the first day of the spring semester. It was subsequently determined that the department head deleted numerous files and directories from the server-based home directory while the campus was closed. Which of the following policies or procedures could have prevented this from occurring?  

A. Time-of-day restrictions 
B. Permission auditing and review 
C. Offboarding 
D. Account expiration  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 42

 A database backup schedule consists of weekly full backups performed on Saturday at 12:00 a.m. and daily differential backups also performed at 12:00 a.m. If the database is restored on Tuesday afternoon, which of the following is the number of individual backups that would need to be applied to complete the database recovery?  

A. 1 
B. 2 
C. 3 
D. 4  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 43

 Which of the following security controls does an iris scanner provide?  

A. Logical 
B. Administrative 
C. Corrective 
D. Physical 
E. Detective 
F. Deterrent  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 44

 As part of a new industry regulation, companies are required to utilize secure, standardized OS settings. A technical must ensure the OS settings are hardened. Which of the following is the BEST way to do this?  

A. Use a vulnerability scanner. 
B. Use a configuration compliance scanner. 
C. Use a passive, in-line scanner. 
D. Use a protocol analyzer.  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 45

 A user has attempted to access data at a higher classification level than the user™s account is currently authorized to access. Which of the following access control models has been applied to this user™s account?  

A. MAC 
B. DAC 
C. RBAC 
D. ABAC  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 46

 A security consultant discovers that an organization is using the PCL protocol to print documents, utilizing the default driver and print settings. Which of the following is the MOST likely risk in this situation?  

A. An attacker can access and change the printer configuration. 
B. SNMP data leaving the printer will not be properly encrypted. 
C. An MITM attack can reveal sensitive information. 
D. An attacker can easily inject malicious code into the printer firmware. 
E. Attackers can use the PCL protocol to bypass the firewall of client computers.  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 47

 An organization finds that most help desk calls are regarding account lockout due to a variety of applications running on different systems. Management is looking for a solution to reduce the number of account lockouts while improving security. Which of the following is the BEST solution for this organization?  

A. Create multiple application accounts for each user. 
B. Provide secure tokens. 
C. Implement SSO. 
D. Utilize role-based access control.  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 48

 A user suspects someone has been accessing a home network without permission by spoofing the MAC address of an authorized system. While attempting to determine if an authorized user is logged into the home network, the user reviews the wireless router, which shows the following table for systems that are currently on the home network.  Which of the following should be the NEXT step to determine if there is an unauthorized user on the network?  

A. Apply MAC filtering and see if the router drops any of the systems. 
B. Physically check each of the authorized systems to determine if they are logged onto the network. 
C. Deny the ﬁunknownﬂ host because the hostname is not known and MAC filtering is not applied to this host. 
D. Conduct a ping sweep of each of the authorized systems and see if an echo response is received.  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 49

 When performing data acquisition on a workstation, which of the following should be captured based on memory volatility? (Select two.) 

A. USB-attached hard disk 
B. Swap/pagefile 
C. Mounted network storage 
D. ROM 
E. RAM 

Correct Answer: BE


QUESTION 50

 Ann, a security administrator, has been instructed to perform fuzz-based testing on the company's applications. Which of the following best describes what she will do?  

A. Enter random or invalid data into the application in an attempt to cause it to fault 
B. Work with the developers to eliminate horizontal privilege escalation opportunities 
C. Test the applications for the existence of built-in- back doors left by the developers 
D. Hash the application to verify it won't cause a false positive on the HIPS  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 51

 An attacker compromises a public CA and issues unauthorized X.509 certificates for Company.com. In the future, Company.com wants to mitigate the impact of similar incidents. Which of the following would assist Company.com with its goal?  

A. Certificate pinning 
B. Certificate stapling 
C. Certificate chaining 
D. Certificate with extended validation  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 52

 A systems administrator is attempting to recover from a catastrophic failure in the datacenter. To recover the domain controller, the systems administrator needs to provide the domain administrator credentials. Which of the following account types is the systems administrator using?  

A. Shared account 
B. Guest account 
C. Service account 
D. User account  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 53

 A security administrator has found a hash in the environment known to belong to malware. The administrator then finds this file to be in in the preupdate area of the OS, which indicates it was pushed from the central patch system. File: winx86_adobe_flash_upgrade.exe Hash: 99ac28bede43ab869b853ba62c4ea243 The administrator pulls a report from the patch management system with the following output: Given the above outputs, which of the following MOST likely happened?  

A. The file was corrupted after it left the patch system. 
B. The file was infected when the patch manager downloaded it. 
C. The file was not approved in the application whitelist system. 
D. The file was embedded with a logic bomb to evade detection.  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 54

 A network administrator at a small office wants to simplify the configuration of mobile clients connecting to an encrypted wireless network. Which of the following should be implemented in the administrator does not want to provide the wireless password or he certificate to the employees?  

A. WPS 
B. 802.1x 
C. WPA2-PSK 
D. TKIP  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 55

 When connected to a secure WAP, which of the following encryption technologies is MOST likely to be configured when connecting to WPA2-PSK?  

A. DES 
B. AES 
C. MD5 
D. WEP  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 56

 A company has a data classification system with definitions for ﬁPrivateﬂ and ﬁPublicﬂ. The company™s security policy outlines how data should be protected based on type. The company recently added the data type ﬁProprietaryﬂ. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason the company added this data type?  

A. Reduced cost 
B. More searchable data 
C. Better data classification 
D. Expanded authority of the privacy officer  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 57

 When configuring settings in a mandatory access control environment, which of the following specifies the subjects that can access specific data objects?  

A. Owner 
B. System 
C. Administrator 
D. User  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 58

 A high-security defense installation recently begun utilizing large guard dogs that bark very loudly and excitedly at the slightest provocation. Which of the following types of controls does this BEST describe?  

A. Deterrent 
B. Preventive 
C. Detective 
D. Compensating  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 59

 A company™s user lockout policy is enabled after five unsuccessful login attempts. The help desk notices a user is repeatedly locked out over the course of a workweek. Upon contacting the user, the help desk discovers the user is on vacation and does not have network access. Which of the following types of attacks are MOST likely occurring? (Select two.)  

A. Replay 
B. Rainbow tables 
C. Brute force 
D. Pass the hash 
E. Dictionary  

Correct Answer: CE


QUESTION 60

 Ann. An employee in the payroll department, has contacted the help desk citing multiple issues with her device, including: - Slow performance - Word documents, PDFs, and images no longer opening - A pop-up Ann states the issues began after she opened an invoice that a vendor emailed to her. Upon opening the invoice, she had to click several security warnings to view it in her word processor. With which of the following is the device MOST likely infected?  

A. Spyware 
B. Crypto-malware 
C. Rootkit 
D. Backdoor  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 61

 A company is terminating an employee for misbehavior. Which of the following steps is MOST important in the process of disengagement from this employee?  

A. Obtain a list of passwords used by the employee. 
B. Generate a report on outstanding projects the employee handled. 
C. Have the employee surrender company identification. 
D. Have the employee sign an NDA before departing.  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 62

 A company is developing a new secure technology and requires computers being used for development to be isolated. Which of the following should be implemented to provide the MOST secure environment?  

A. A perimeter firewall and IDS 
B. An air gapped computer network 
C. A honeypot residing in a DMZ 
D. An ad hoc network with NAT 
E. A bastion host 

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 63

 Which of the following is an important step to take BEFORE moving any installation packages from a test environment to production?  

A. Roll back changes in the test environment 
B. Verify the hashes of files 
C. Archive and compress the files 
D. Update the secure baseline  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 64

 A user clicked an email link that led to a website than infected the workstation with a virus. The virus encrypted all the network shares to which the user had access. The virus was not deleted or blocked by the company™s email filter, website filter, or antivirus. Which of the following describes what occurred?  

A. The user™s account was over-privileged. 
B. Improper error handling triggered a false negative in all three controls. 
C. The email originated from a private email server with no malware protection. 
D. The virus was a zero-day attack.  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 65

 An organization wishes to provide better security for its name resolution services. Which of the following technologies BEST supports the deployment of DNSSEC at the organization?  

A. LDAP 
B. TPM 
C. TLS 
D. SSL 
E. PKI  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 66

 A company hires a consulting firm to crawl its Active Directory network with a non-domain account looking for unpatched systems. Actively taking control of systems is out of scope, as is the creation of new administrator accounts. For which of the following is the company hiring the consulting firm?  

A. Vulnerability scanning 
B. Penetration testing 
C. Application fuzzing 
D. User permission auditing  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 67

 An administrator is replacing a wireless router. The configuration of the old wireless router was not documented before it stopped functioning. The equipment connecting to the wireless network uses older legacy equipment that was manufactured prior to the release of the 802.11i standard. Which of the following configuration options should the administrator select for the new wireless router?  

A. WPA+CCMP 
B. WPA2+CCMP 
C. WPA+TKIP 
D. WPA2+TKIP  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 68

 An application team is performing a load-balancing test for a critical application during off-hours and has requested access to the load balancer to review which servers are up without having the administrator on call. The security analyst is hesitant to give the application team full access due to other critical applications running on the load balancer. Which of the following is the BEST solution for security analyst to process the request?  

A. Give the application team administrator access during off-hours. 
B. Disable other critical applications before granting the team access. 
C. Give the application team read-only access. 
D. Share the account with the application team.  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 69

 Which of the following cryptographic attacks would salting of passwords render ineffective?  

A. Brute force 
B. Dictionary 
C. Rainbow tables 
D. Birthday  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 70

 A security analyst is hardening an authentication server. One of the primary requirements is to ensure there is mutual authentication and delegation. Given these requirements, which of the following technologies should the analyst recommend and configure?  

A. LDAP services 
B. Kerberos services 
C. NTLM services 
D. CHAP services  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 71

 Two users need to send each other emails over unsecured channels. The system should support the principle of nonrepudiation. Which of the following should be used to sign the user™s certificates?  

A. RA 
B. CA 
C. CRL 
D. CSR  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 72

 Which of the following attack types BEST describes a client-side attack that is used to manipulate an HTML iframe with JavaScript code via a web browser?  

A. Buffer overflow 
B. MITM 
C. XSS 
D. SQLi  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 73

 An incident responder receives a call from a user who reports a computer is exhibiting symptoms consistent with a malware infection. Which of the following steps should the responder perform NEXT?  

A. Capture and document necessary information to assist in the response. 
B. Request the user capture and provide a screenshot or recording of the symptoms. 
C. Use a remote desktop client to collect and analyze the malware in real time. 
D. Ask the user to back up files for later recovery.  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 74

 A senior incident response manager receives a call about some external IPs communicating with internal computers during off hours. Which of the following types of malware is MOST likely causing this issue?  

A. Botnet 
B. Ransomware 
C. Polymorphic malware 
D. Armored virus  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 75

 Which of the following technologies employ the use of SAML? (Select two.)  

A. Single sign-on 
B. Federation 
C. LDAP 
D. Secure token 
E. RADIUS  

Correct Answer: AB


QUESTION 76

 Which of the following specifically describes the exploitation of an interactive process to access otherwise restricted areas of the OS?  

A. Privilege escalation 
B. Pivoting 
C. Process affinity 
D. Buffer overflow  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 77

 After a user reports stow computer performance, a systems administrator detects a suspicious file, which was installed as part of a freeware software package. The systems administrator reviews the output below:  Based on the above information, which of the following types of malware was installed on the user's computer?  

A. RAT 
B. Keylogger 
C. Spyware 
D. Worm 
E. Bot  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 78

 Which of the following network vulnerability scan indicators BEST validates a successful, active scan?  

A. The scan job is scheduled to run during off-peak hours. 
B. The scan output lists SQL injection attack vectors. 
C. The scan data identifies the use of privileged-user credentials. 
D. The scan results identify the hostname and IP address.  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 79

 An analyst wants to implement a more secure wireless authentication for office access points. Which of the following technologies allows for encrypted authentication of wireless clients over TLS?  

A. PEAP 
B. EAP 
C. WPA2 
D. RADIUS  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 80

 When systems, hardware, or software are not supported by the original vendor, it is a vulnerability known as:  

A. system sprawl 
B. end-of-life systems 
C. resource exhaustion 
D. a default configuration  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 81

 A company has three divisions, each with its own networks and services. The company decides to make its secure web portal accessible to all employees utilizing their existing usernames and passwords. The security administrator has elected to use SAML to support authentication. In this scenario, which of the following will occur when users try to authenticate to the portal? (Select two.)  

A. The portal will function as a service provider and request an authentication assertion. 
B. The portal will function as an identity provider and issue an authentication assertion. 
C. The portal will request an authentication ticket from each network that is transitively trusted. 
D. The back-end networks will function as an identity provider and issue an authentication assertion. 
E. The back-end networks will request authentication tickets from the portal, which will act as the third-party service provider      authentication store. 
F. The back-end networks will verify the assertion token issued by the portal functioning as the identity provider.  

Correct Answer: CD


QUESTION 82

 Which of the following is the BEST explanation of why control diversity is important in a defense-in-depth architecture?  

A. Social engineering is used to bypass technical controls, so having diversity in controls minimizes the risk of demographic exploitation 
B. Hackers often impact the effectiveness of more than one control, so having multiple copies of individual controls provides redundancy 
C. Technical exploits to defeat controls are released almost every day; control diversity provides overlapping protection. 
D. Defense-in-depth relies on control diversity to provide multiple levels of network hierarchy that allow user domain Segmentation  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 83

 A system administrator wants to provide balance between the security of a wireless network and usability. The administrator is concerned with wireless encryption compatibility of older devices used by some employees. Which of the following would provide strong security and backward compatibility when accessing the wireless network?  

A. Open wireless network and SSL VPN 
B. WPA using a preshared key 
C. WPA2 using a RADIUS back-end for 802.1x authentication 
D. WEP with a 40-bit key  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 84

 An information security specialist is reviewing the following output from a Linux server.  Based on the above information, which of the following types of malware was installed on the server?  

A. Logic bomb 
B. Trojan 
C. Backdoor 
D. Ransomware 
E. Rootkit 

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 85

 In terms of encrypting data, which of the following is BEST described as a way to safeguard password data by adding random data to it in storage?  

A. Using salt 
B. Using hash algorithms 
C. Implementing elliptical curve 
D. Implementing PKI  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 86

 A system administrator wants to provide for and enforce wireless access accountability during events where external speakers are invited to make presentations to a mixed audience of employees and non-employees. Which of the following should the administrator implement?  

A. Shared accounts 
B. Preshared passwords 
C. Least privilege 
D. Sponsored guest  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 87

 Which of the following would MOST likely appear in an uncredentialed vulnerability scan?  

A. Self-signed certificates 
B. Missing patches 
C. Auditing parameters 
D. Inactive local accounts  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 88

 A security analyst observes the following events in the logs of an employee workstation:  Given the information provided, which of the following MOST likely occurred on the workstation?  

A. Application whitelisting controls blocked an exploit payload from executing. 
B. Antivirus software found and quarantined three malware files. 
C. Automatic updates were initiated but failed because they had not been approved. 
D. The SIEM log agent was not tuned properly and reported a false positive.  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 89

 When identifying a company™s most valuable assets as part of a BIA, which of the following should be the FIRST priority?  

A. Life 
B. Intellectual property 
C. Sensitive data 
D. Public reputation  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 90

 An organization needs to implement a large PKI. Network engineers are concerned that repeated transmission of the OCSP will impact network performance. Which of the following should the security analyst recommend is lieu of an OCSP?  

A. CSR 
B. CRL 
C. CA 
D. OID  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 91

 When considering a third-party cloud service provider, which of the following criteria would be the BEST to include in the security assessment process? (Select two.)  

A. Use of performance analytics 
B. Adherence to regulatory compliance 
C. Data retention policies 
D. Size of the corporation 
E. Breadth of applications support  

Correct Answer: BC


QUESTION 92

 Which of the following occurs when the security of a web application relies on JavaScript for input validation?  

A. The integrity of the data is at risk. 
B. The security of the application relies on antivirus. 
C. A host-based firewall is required. 
D. The application is vulnerable to race conditions.  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 93

 An analyst is reviewing a simple program for potential security vulnerabilities before being deployed to a Windows server. Given the following code:  Which of the following vulnerabilities is present?  

A. Bad memory pointer 
B. Buffer overflow 
C. Integer overflow 
D. Backdoor 

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 94

 An organization's file server has been virtualized to reduce costs. Which of the following types of backups would be MOST appropriate for the particular file server?  

A. Snapshot 
B. Full 
C. Incremental 
D. Differential  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 95

 A wireless network uses a RADIUS server that is connected to an authenticator, which in turn connects to a supplicant. Which of the following represents the authentication architecture in use?  

A. Open systems authentication 
B. Captive portal 
C. RADIUS federation 
D. 802.1x  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 96

 An employer requires that employees use a key-generating app on their smartphones to log into corporate applications. In terms of authentication of an individual, this type of access policy is BEST defined as:  

A. Something you have. 
B. Something you know. 
C. Something you do. 
D. Something you are.  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 97

 Adhering to a layered security approach, a controlled access facility employs security guards who verify the authorization of all personnel entering the facility. Which of the following terms BEST describes the security control being employed?  

A. Administrative 
B. Corrective 
C. Deterrent 
D. Compensating  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 98

 A security analyst is hardening a web server, which should allow a secure certificate-based session using the organization™s PKI infrastructure. The web server should also utilize the latest security techniques and standards. Given this set of requirements, which of the following techniques should the analyst implement to BEST meet these requirements? (Select two.)  

A. Install an X- 509-compliant certificate. 
B. Implement a CRL using an authorized CA.
C. Enable and configure TLS on the server. 
D. Install a certificate signed by a public CA.
E. Configure the web server to use a host header.  

Correct Answer: AC


QUESTION 99

 A manager wants to distribute a report to several other managers within the company. Some of them reside in remote locations that are not connected to the domain but have a local server. Because there is sensitive data within the report and the size of the report is beyond the limit of the email attachment size, emailing the report is not an option. Which of the following protocols should be implemented to distribute the report securely? (Select three.)  

A. S/MIME 
B. SSH 
C. SNMPv3 
D. FTPS 
E. SRTP 
F. HTTPS 
G. LDAPS  

Correct Answer: BDF


QUESTION 100

 An auditor is reviewing the following output from a password-cracking tool:  Which of the following methods did the auditor MOST likely use? 

A. Hybrid 
B. Dictionary 
C. Brute force 
D. Rainbow table  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 101

 Which of the following must be intact for evidence to be admissible in court?  

A. Chain of custody 
B. Order of volatility 
C. Legal hold 
D. Preservation  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 102

 A vulnerability scanner that uses its running service™s access level to better assess vulnerabilities across multiple assets within an organization is performing a:  

A. Credentialed scan. 
B. Non-intrusive scan. 
C. Privilege escalation test. 
D. Passive scan.  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 103

 Which of the following cryptography algorithms will produce a fixed-length, irreversible output?  

A. AES 
B. 3DES 
C. RSA 
D. MD5  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 104

 A technician suspects that a system has been compromised. The technician reviews the following log entry: WARNING- hash mismatch: C:\Window\SysWOW64\user32.dll WARNING- hash mismatch: C:\Window\SysWOW64\kernel32.dll Based solely ono the above information, which of the following types of malware is MOST likely installed on the system?  

A. Rootkit 
B. Ransomware 
C. Trojan 
D. Backdoor  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 105

 A new firewall has been places into service at an organization. However, a configuration has not been entered on the firewall. Employees on the network segment covered by the new firewall report they are unable to access the network. Which of the following steps should be completed to BEST resolve the issue?  

A. The firewall should be configured to prevent user traffic form matching the implicit deny rule. 
B. The firewall should be configured with access lists to allow inbound and outbound traffic. 
C. The firewall should be configured with port security to allow traffic. 
D. The firewall should be configured to include an explicit deny rule.  

Correct Answer: A 


QUESTION 106

 A security analyst is testing both Windows and Linux systems for unauthorized DNS zone transfers within a LAN on comptia.org from example.org. Which of the following commands should the security analyst use? (Select two.) 

A. nslookup comptia.org set type=ANY ls-dexample.org
B. nslookup comptia.org set type=MX example.org
C. dig -axfr comptia.org @example.org
D. ipconfig /flushDNS 
E. ifconfig eth0 down -- ifconfig eth0 up -- dhclient renew
F. dig @example.org comptia.org 

Correct Answer: AC


QUESTION 107

 Which of the following are the MAIN reasons why a systems administrator would install security patches in a staging environment before the patches are applied to the production server? (Select two.)  

A. To prevent server availability issues 
B. To verify the appropriate patch is being installed 
C. To generate a new baseline hash after patching 
D. To allow users to test functionality 
E. To ensure users are trained on new functionality  

Correct Answer: AD


QUESTION 108

 A Chief Information Officer (CIO) drafts an agreement between the organization and its employees. The agreement outlines ramifications for releasing information without consent and/or approvals. Which of the following BEST describes this type of agreement?  

A. ISA 
B. NDA 
C. MOU 
D. SLA  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 109

 Which of the following would meet the requirements for multifactor authentication?  

A. Username, PIN, and employee ID number 
B. Fingerprint and password 
C. Smart card and hardware token 
D. Voice recognition and retina scan  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 110

 A manager suspects that an IT employee with elevated database access may be knowingly modifying financial transactions for the benefit of a competitor. Which of the following practices should the manager implement to validate the concern?  

A. Separation of duties 
B. Mandatory vacations 
C. Background checks 
D. Security awareness training  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 111

 A penetration tester finds that a company™s login credentials for the email client were being sent in clear text. Which of the following should be done to provide encrypted logins to the email server?  

A. Enable IPSec and configure SMTP. 
B. Enable SSH and LDAP credentials. 
C. Enable MIME services and POP3. 
D. Enable an SSL certificate for IMAP services.  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 112

 Before an infection was detected, several of the infected devices attempted to access a URL that was similar to the company name but with two letters transposed. Which of the following BEST describes the attack vector used to infect the devices?  

A. Cross-site scripting 
B. DNS poisoning 
C. Typo squatting 
D. URL hijacking  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 113

 A systems administrator is reviewing the following information from a compromised server:  Given the above information, which of the following processes was MOST likely exploited via a remote buffer overflow attack?  

A. Apache 
B. LSASS 
C. MySQL 
D. TFTP  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 114

 Joe, a security administrator, needs to extend the organization™s remote access functionality to be used by staff while travelling. Joe needs to maintain separate access control functionalities for internal, external, and VOIP services. Which of the following represents the BEST access technology for Joe to use?  

A. RADIUS 
B. TACACS+ 
C. Diameter 
D. Kerberos  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 115

 The availability of a system has been labeled as the highest priority. Which of the following should be focused on the MOST to ensure the objective?  

A. Authentication 
B. HVAC 
C. Full-disk encryption 
D. File integrity checking  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 116

 As part of the SDLC, a third party is hired to perform a penetration test. The third party will have access to the source code, integration tests, and network diagrams. Which of the following BEST describes the assessment being performed?  

A. Black box 
B. Regression 
C. White box 
D. Fuzzing  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 117

 A dumpster diver recovers several hard drives from a company and is able to obtain confidential data from one of the hard drives. The company then discovers its information is posted online. Which of the following methods would have MOST likely prevented the data from being exposed?  

A. Removing the hard drive from its enclosure 
B. Using software to repeatedly rewrite over the disk space 
C. Using Blowfish encryption on the hard drives 
D. Using magnetic fields to erase the data  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 118

 Which of the following are methods to implement HA in a web application server environment? (Select two.)  

A. Load balancers 
B. Application layer firewalls 
C. Reverse proxies 
D. VPN concentrators 
E. Routers  

Correct Answer: AB


QUESTION 119

 An application developer is designing an application involving secure transports from one service to another that will pass over port 80 for a request. Which of the following secure protocols is the developer MOST likely to use?  

A. FTPS 
B. SFTP 
C. SSL 
D. LDAPS 
E. SSH  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 120

 Which of the following precautions MINIMIZES the risk from network attacks directed at multifunction printers, as well as the impact on functionality at the same time?  

A. Isolating the systems using VLANs 
B. Installing a software-based IPS on all devices 
C. Enabling full disk encryption 
D. Implementing a unique user PIN access functions  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 121

 After an identified security breach, an analyst is tasked to initiate the IR process. Which of the following is the NEXT step the analyst should take?  

A. Recovery 
B. Identification 
C. Preparation 
D. Documentation 
E. Escalation  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 122

 A company was recently audited by a third party. The audit revealed the company™s network devices were transferring files in the clear. Which of the following protocols should the company use to transfer files?  

A. HTTPS 
B. LDAPS 
C. SCP 
D. SNMPv3  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 123

 During a monthly vulnerability scan, a server was flagged for being vulnerable to an Apache Struts exploit. Upon further investigation, the developer responsible for the server informs the security team that Apache Struts is not installed on the server. Which of the following BEST describes how the security team should reach to this incident?  

A. The finding is a false positive and can be disregarded 
B. The Struts module needs to be hardened on the server 
C. The Apache software on the server needs to be patched and updated 
D. The server has been compromised by malware and needs to be quarantined.  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 124

 A systems administrator wants to protect data stored on mobile devices that are used to scan and record assets in a warehouse. The control must automatically destroy the secure container of mobile devices if they leave the warehouse. Which of the following should the administrator implement? (Select two.)  

A. Geofencing 
B. Remote wipe 
C. Near-field communication 
D. Push notification services 
E. Containerization  

Correct Answer: AE


QUESTION 125

 A security analyst is performing a quantitative risk analysis. The risk analysis should show the potential monetary loss each time a threat or event occurs. Given this requirement, which of the following concepts would assist the analyst in determining this value? (Select two.) 

A. ALE 
B. AV 
C. ARO 
D. EF 
E. ROI 

Correct Answer: AC


QUESTION 126

 Which of the following AES modes of operation provide authentication? (Select two.)  

A. CCM 
B. CBC 
C. GCM 
D. DSA 
E. CFB  

Correct Answer: AC


QUESTION 128

 A security engineer is configuring a wireless network that must support mutual authentication of the wireless client and the authentication server before users provide credentials. The wireless network must also support authentication with usernames and passwords. Which of the following authentication protocols MUST the security engineer select?  

A. EAP-FAST 
B. EAP-TLS 
C. PEAP 
D. EAP  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 130

 Which of the following vulnerability types would the type of hacker known as a script kiddie be MOST dangerous against?  

A. Passwords written on the bottom of a keyboard 
B. Unpatched exploitable Internet-facing services 
C. Unencrypted backup tapes 
D. Misplaced hardware token  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 131

 An in-house penetration tester is using a packet capture device to listen in on network communications. This is an example of:  

A. Passive reconnaissance 
B. Persistence 
C. Escalation of privileges 
D. Exploiting the switch  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 132

 A black hat hacker is enumerating a network and wants to remain covert during the process. The hacker initiates a vulnerability scan. Given the task at hand the requirement of being covert, which of the following statements BEST indicates that the vulnerability scan meets these requirements?  

A. The vulnerability scanner is performing an authenticated scan. 
B. The vulnerability scanner is performing local file integrity checks. 
C. The vulnerability scanner is performing in network sniffer mode. 
D. The vulnerability scanner is performing banner grabbing.  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 133

 A development team has adopted a new approach to projects in which feedback is iterative and multiple iterations of deployments are provided within an application™s full life cycle. Which of the following software development methodologies is the development team using?  

A. Waterfall 
B. Agile 
C. Rapid 
D. Extreme  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 134

 A Chief Executive Officer (CEO) suspects someone in the lab testing environment is stealing confidential information after working hours when no one else is around. Which of the following actions can help to prevent this specific threat?  

A. Implement time-of-day restrictions. 
B. Audit file access times. 
C. Secretly install a hidden surveillance camera. 
D. Require swipe-card access to enter the lab.  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 135

 A company hires a third-party firm to conduct an assessment of vulnerabilities exposed to the Internet. The firm informs the company that an exploit exists for an FTP server that had a version installed from eight years ago. The company has decided to keep the system online anyway, as no upgrade exists form the vendor. Which of the following BEST describes the reason why the vulnerability exists?  

A. Default configuration 
B. End-of-life system 
C. Weak cipher suite 
D. Zero-day threats  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 136

 An organization uses SSO authentication for employee access to network resources. When an employee resigns, as per the organization™s security policy, the employee™s access to all network resources is terminated immediately. Two weeks later, the former employee sends an email to the help desk for a password reset to access payroll information from the human resources server. Which of the following represents the BEST course of action?  

A. Approve the former employee™s request, as a password reset would give the former employee access to only the human resources server. 
B. Deny the former employee™s request, since the password reset request came from an external email address. 
C. Deny the former employee™s request, as a password reset would give the employee access to all network resources. 
D. Approve the former employee™s request, as there would not be a security issue with the former employee gaining access to network resources.  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 137

 Joe, a user, wants to send Ann, another user, a confidential document electronically. Which of the following should Joe do to ensure the document is protected from eavesdropping?  

A. Encrypt it with Joe™s private key 
B. Encrypt it with Joe™s public key 
C. Encrypt it with Ann™s private key 
D. Encrypt it with Ann™s public key  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 138

 A director of IR is reviewing a report regarding several recent breaches. The director compiles the following statistic™s   - Initial IR engagement time frame   - Length of time before an executive management notice went out   - Average IR phase completion The director wants to use the data to shorten the response time. Which of the following would accomplish this?  

A. CSIRT 
B. Containment phase 
C. Escalation notifications 
D. Tabletop exercise  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 139

 To reduce disk consumption, an organization™s legal department has recently approved a new policy setting the data retention period for sent email at six months. Which of the following is the BEST way to ensure this goal is met?  

A. Create a daily encrypted backup of the relevant emails. 
B. Configure the email server to delete the relevant emails. 
C. Migrate the relevant emails into an ﬁArchivedﬂ folder. 
D. Implement automatic disk compression on email servers.  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 140

 A security administrator is configuring a new network segment, which contains devices that will be accessed by external users, such as web and FTP server. Which of the following represents the MOST secure way to configure the new network segment?  

A. The segment should be placed on a separate VLAN, and the firewall rules should be configured to allow external traffic. 
B. The segment should be placed in the existing internal VLAN to allow internal traffic only. 
C. The segment should be placed on an intranet, and the firewall rules should be configured to allow external traffic. 
D. The segment should be placed on an extranet, and the firewall rules should be configured to allow both internal and external traffic.  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 141

 Which of the following types of attacks precedes the installation of a rootkit on a server?  

A. Pharming 
B. DDoS 
C. Privilege escalation 
D. DoS  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 142

 Which of the following cryptographic algorithms is irreversible?  

A. RC4 
B. SHA-256 
C. DES 
D. AES  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 143

 A security analyst receives an alert from a WAF with the following payload:    var data= ﬁ<test test test>ﬂ ++ <../../../../../../etc/passwd>ﬂ Which of the following types of attacks is this?  

A. Cross-site request forgery 
B. Buffer overflow 
C. SQL injection 
D. JavaScript data insertion 
E. Firewall evasion script  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 144

 A workstation puts out a network request to locate another system. Joe, a hacker on the network, responds before the real system does, and he tricks the workstation into communicating with him. Which of the following BEST describes what occurred?  

A. The hacker used a race condition. 
B. The hacker used a pass-the-hash attack. 
C. The hacker-exploited improper key management. 
D. The hacker exploited weak switch configuration.  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 146

 A security analyst wants to harden the company™s VoIP PBX. The analyst is worried that credentials may be intercepted and compromised when IP phones authenticate with the BPX. Which of the following would best prevent this from occurring?  

A. Implement SRTP between the phones and the PBX. 
B. Place the phones and PBX in their own VLAN. 
C. Restrict the phone connections to the PBX. 
D. Require SIPS on connections to the PBX.  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 147

 An organization is comparing and contrasting migration from its standard desktop configuration to the newest version of the platform. Before this can happen, the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) voices the need to evaluate the functionality of the newer desktop platform to ensure interoperability with existing software in use by the organization. In which of the following principles of architecture and design is the CISO engaging? 

A. Dynamic analysis 
B. Change management 
C. Baselining 
D. Waterfalling  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 148

 A security administrator suspects a MITM attack aimed at impersonating the default gateway is underway. Which of the following tools should the administrator use to detect this attack? (Select two.)  

A. Ping 
B. Ipconfig 
C. Tracert 
D. Netstat 
E. Dig 
F. Nslookup  

Correct Answer: BC


QUESTION 149

 A user is presented with the following items during the new-hire onboarding process:   -Laptop   -Secure USB drive   -Hardware OTP token   -External high-capacity HDD   -Password complexity policy   -Acceptable use policy   -HASP key   -Cable lock Which of the following is one component of multifactor authentication?  

A. Secure USB drive 
B. Cable lock 
C. Hardware OTP token 
D. HASP key  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 150

 An organization requires users to provide their fingerprints to access an application. To improve security, the application developers intend to implement multifactor authentication. Which of the following should be implemented?  

A. Use a camera for facial recognition 
B. Have users sign their name naturally 
C. Require a palm geometry scan 
D. Implement iris recognition  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 151

 A network technician is setting up a segmented network that will utilize a separate ISP to provide wireless access to the public area for a company. Which of the following wireless security methods should the technician implement to provide basic accountability for access to the public network?  

A. Pre-shared key 
B. Enterprise 
C. Wi-Fi Protected setup 
D. Captive portal 

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 152

 After a routine audit, a company discovers that engineering documents have been leaving the network on a particular port. The company must allow outbound traffic on this port, as it has a legitimate business use. Blocking the port would cause an outage. Which of the following technology controls should the company implement?  

A. NAC 
B. Web proxy 
C. DLP 
D. ACL  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 156

 An organization™s primary datacenter is experiencing a two-day outage due to an HVAC malfunction. The node located in the datacenter has lost power and is no longer operational, impacting the ability of all users to connect to the alternate datacenter. Which of the following BIA concepts BEST represents the risk described in this scenario?  

A. SPoF 
B. RTO 
C. MTBF 
D. MTTR  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 157

 A security analyst notices anomalous activity coming from several workstations in the organizations. Upon identifying and containing the issue, which of the following should the security analyst do NEXT?  

A. Document and lock the workstations in a secure area to establish chain of custody 
B. Notify the IT department that the workstations are to be reimaged and the data restored for reuse 
C. Notify the IT department that the workstations may be reconnected to the network for the users to continue working 
D. Document findings and processes in the after-action and lessons learned report  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 158

 An employee receives an email, which appears to be from the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), asking for a report of security credentials for all users. Which of the following types of attack is MOST likely occurring?  

A. Policy violation 
B. Social engineering 
C. Whaling 
D. Spear phishing  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 159

 An information security analyst needs to work with an employee who can answer questions about how data for a specific system is used in the business. The analyst should seek out an employee who has the role of:  

A. steward 
B. owner 
C. privacy officer 
D. systems administrator  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 160

 A group of non-profit agencies wants to implement a cloud service to share resources with each other and minimize costs. Which of the following cloud deployment models BEST describes this type of effort?  

A. Public 
B. Hybrid 
C. Community 
D. Private  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 162

 A copy of a highly confidential salary report was recently found on a printer in the IT department. The human resources department does not have this specific printer mapped to its devices, and it is suspected that an employee in the IT department browsed to the share where the report was located and printed it without authorization. Which of the following technical controls would be the BEST choice to immediately prevent this from happening again?  

A. Implement a DLP solution and classify the report as confidential, restricting access only to human resources staff 
B. Restrict access to the share where the report resides to only human resources employees and enable auditing 
C. Have all members of the IT department review and sign the AUP and disciplinary policies 
D. Place the human resources computers on a restricted VLAN and configure the ACL to prevent access from the IT Department  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 163

 A company is developing a new system that will unlock a computer automatically when an authorized user sits in front of it, and then lock the computer when the user leaves. The user does not have to perform any action for this process to occur. Which of the following technologies provides this capability?  

A. Facial recognition 
B. Fingerprint scanner 
C. Motion detector 
D. Smart cards  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 164

 A security analyst accesses corporate web pages and inputs random data in the forms. The response received includes the type of database used and SQL commands that the database accepts. Which of the following should the security analyst use to prevent this vulnerability?  

A. Application fuzzing 
B. Error handling 
C. Input validation 
D. Pointer dereference  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 165

 Which of the following differentiates a collision attack from a rainbow table attack?  

A. A rainbow table attack performs a hash lookup 
B. A rainbow table attack uses the hash as a password 
C. In a collision attack, the hash and the input data are equivalent 
D. In a collision attack, the same input results in different hashes  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 166

 A help desk is troubleshooting user reports that the corporate website is presenting untrusted certificate errors to employees and customers when they visit the website. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of this error, provided the certificate has not expired?  

A. The certificate was self signed, and the CA was not imported by employees or customers 
B. The root CA has revoked the certificate of the intermediate CA 
C. The valid period for the certificate has passed, and a new certificate has not been issued 
D. The key escrow server has blocked the certificate from being validated  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 167

 A security analyst is investigating a suspected security breach and discovers the following in the logs of the potentially compromised server:  Which of the following would be the BEST method for preventing this type of suspected attack in the future?  

A. Implement password expirations 
B. Implement restrictions on shared credentials 
C. Implement account lockout settings 
D. Implement time-of-day restrictions on this server  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 169

 A security administrator is trying to encrypt communication. For which of the following reasons should administrator take advantage of the Subject Alternative Name (SAM) attribute of a certificate?  

A. It can protect multiple domains 
B. It provides extended site validation 
C. It does not require a trusted certificate authority 
D. It protects unlimited subdomains  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 170

 After a merger between two companies a security analyst has been asked to ensure that the organization's systems are secured against infiltration by any former employees that were terminated during the transition. Which of the following actions are MOST appropriate to harden applications against infiltration by former employees? (Select TWO)  

A. Monitor VPN client access 
B. Reduce failed login out settings 
C. Develop and implement updated access control policies 
D. Review and address invalid login attempts 
E. Increase password complexity requirements 
F. Assess and eliminate inactive accounts  

Correct Answer: CF


QUESTION 171

 A new mobile application is being developed in-house. Security reviews did not pick up any major flaws, however vulnerability scanning results show fundamental issues at the very end of the project cycle. Which of the following security activities should also have been performed to discover vulnerabilities earlier in the lifecycle?  

A. Architecture review 
B. Risk assessment 
C. Protocol analysis 
D. Code review  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 172

 A security administrator is creating a subnet on one of the corporate firewall interfaces to use as a DMZ which is expected to accommodate at most 14 physical hosts. Which of the following subnets would BEST meet the requirements?  

A. 192.168.0.16 255.25.255.248 
B. 192.168.0.16/28 
C. 192.168.1.50 255.255.25.240 
D. 192.168.2.32/27  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 173

 A company has a security policy that specifies all endpoint computing devices should be assigned a unique identifier that can be tracked via an inventory management system. Recent changes to airline security regulations have cause many executives in the company to travel with mini tablet devices instead of laptops. These tablet devices are difficult to tag and track. An RDP application is used from the tablet to connect into the company network. Which of the following should be implemented in order to meet the security policy requirements?  

A. Virtual desktop infrastructure (IDI) 
B. WS-security and geo-fencing 
C. A hardware security module (HSM) 
D. RFID tagging system 
E. MDM software 
F. Security Requirements Traceability Matrix (SRTM)  

Correct Answer: E


QUESTION 174

 The security administrator receives an email on a non-company account from a coworker stating that some reports are not exporting correctly. Attached to the email was an example report file with several customers' names and credit card numbers with the PIN. Which of the following is the BEST technical controls that will help mitigate this risk of disclosing sensitive data?  

A. Configure the mail server to require TLS connections for every email to ensure all transport data is encrypted 
B. Create a user training program to identify the correct use of email and perform regular audits to ensure compliance 
C. Implement a DLP solution on the email gateway to scan email and remove sensitive data or files 
D. Classify all data according to its sensitivity and inform the users of data that is prohibited to share  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 175

 A technician is configuring a wireless guest network. After applying the most recent changes the technician finds the new devices can no longer find the wireless network by name but existing devices are still able to use the wireless network. Which of the following security measures did the technician MOST likely implement to cause this Scenario?  

A. Deactivation of SSID broadcast 
B. Reduction of WAP signal output power 
C. Activation of 802.1X with RADIUS 
D. Implementation of MAC filtering 
E. Beacon interval was decreased  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 176

 A security administrator has been assigned to review the security posture of the standard corporate system image for virtual machines. The security administrator conducts a thorough review of the system logs, installation procedures, and network configuration of the VM image. Upon reviewing the access logs and user accounts, the security administrator determines that several accounts will not be used in production. Which of the following would correct the deficiencies?  

A. Mandatory access controls 
B. Disable remote login 
C. Host hardening 
D. Disabling services  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 177

 Although a web enabled application appears to only allow letters in the comment field of a web form, malicious user was able to carry a SQL injection attack by sending special characters through the web comment field. Which of the following has the application programmer failed to implement?  

A. Revision control system 
B. Client side exception handling 
C. Server side validation 
D. Server hardening  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 178

 An attacker discovers a new vulnerability in an enterprise application. The attacker takes advantage of the vulnerability by developing new malware. After installing the malware, the attacker is provided with access to the infected machine. Which of the following is being described?  

A. Zero-day exploit 
B. Remote code execution 
C. Session hijacking 
D. Command injection  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 179

 A security administrator returning from a short vacation receives an account lock-out message when attempting to log into the computer. After getting the account unlocked the security administrator immediately notices a large amount of emails alerts pertaining to several different user accounts being locked out during the past three days. The security administrator uses system logs to determine that the lock-outs were due to a brute force attack on all accounts that has been previously logged into that machine. Which of the following can be implemented to reduce the likelihood of this attack going undetected?  

A. Password complexity rules 
B. Continuous monitoring 
C. User access reviews 
D. Account lockout policies  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 180

 A bank requires tellers to get manager approval when a customer wants to open a new account. A recent audit shows that there have been four cases in the previous year where tellers opened accounts without management approval. The bank president thought separation of duties would prevent this from happening. In order to implement a true separation of duties approach the bank could:  

A. Require the use of two different passwords held by two different individuals to open an account 
B. Administer account creation on a role based access control approach 
C. Require all new accounts to be handled by someone else other than a teller since they have different duties 
D. Administer account creation on a rule based access control approach  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 181

 A security administrator has been tasked with improving the overall security posture related to desktop machines on the network. An auditor has recently that several machines with confidential customer information displayed in the screens are left unattended during the course of the day. Which of the following could the security administrator implement to reduce the risk associated with the finding?  

A. Implement a clean desk policy 
B. Security training to prevent shoulder surfing 
C. Enable group policy based screensaver timeouts 
D. Install privacy screens on monitors  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 182

 Company policy requires the use if passphrases instead if passwords. Which of the following technical controls MUST be in place in order to promote the use of passphrases?  

A. Reuse 
B. Length 
C. History 
D. Complexity  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 183

 During a routine audit, it is discovered that someone has been using a stale administrator account to log into a seldom used server. The person has been using the server to view inappropriate websites that are prohibited to end users. Which of the following could best prevent this from occurring again?  

A. Credential management 
B. Group policy management 
C. Acceptable use policy 
D. Account expiration policy  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 184

 Which of the following should identify critical systems and components?  

A. MOU 
B. BPA 
C. ITCP 
D. BCP  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 185

 Which of the following works by implanting software on systems but delays execution until a specific set of conditions is met?  

A. Logic bomb 
B. Trojan 
C. Scareware 
D. Ransomware  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 186

 A web application is configured to target browsers and allow access to bank accounts to siphon money to a foreign account. This is an example of which of the following attacks?  

A. SQL injection 
B. Header manipulation 
C. Cross-site scripting 
D. Flash cookie exploitation  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 187

 Technicians working with servers hosted at the company's datacenter are increasingly complaining of electric shocks when touching metal items which have been linked to hard drive failures. Which of the following should be implemented to correct this issue?  

A. Decrease the room temperature 
B. Increase humidity in the room 
C. Utilize better hot/cold aisle configurations 
D. Implement EMI shielding  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 188

 A portable data storage device has been determined to have malicious firmware. Which of the following is the BEST course of action to ensure data confidentiality?  

A. Format the device 
B. Re-image the device 
C. Perform virus scan in the device 
D. Physically destroy the device  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 189

 A security administrator must implement a system to ensure that invalid certificates are not used by a custom developed application. The system must be able to check the validity of certificates even when internet access is unavailable. Which of the following MUST be implemented to support this requirement?  

A. CSR 
B. OCSP 
C. CRL 
D. SSH  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 190

 A technician has installed new vulnerability scanner software on a server that is joined to the company domain. The vulnerability scanner is able to provide visibility over the patch posture of all company's clients. Which of the following is being used?  

A. Gray box vulnerability testing 
B. Passive scan 
C. Credentialed scan 
D. Bypassing security controls  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 191

 The Chief Security Officer (CISO) at a multinational banking corporation is reviewing a plan to upgrade the entire corporate IT infrastructure. The architecture consists of a centralized cloud environment hosting the majority of data, small server clusters at each corporate location to handle the majority of customer transaction processing, ATMs, and a new mobile banking application accessible from smartphones, tablets, and the Internet via HTTP. The corporation does business having varying data retention and privacy laws.  Which of the following technical modifications to the architecture and corresponding security controls should be implemented to provide the MOST complete protection of data?  

A. Revoke exiting root certificates, re-issue new customer certificates, and ensure all transactions are digitally signed to minimize fraud, implement encryption for data in-transit between data centers 
B. Ensure all data is encryption according to the most stringent regulatory guidance applicable, implement encryption for data in-transit between data centers, increase data availability by replicating all data, transaction data, logs between each corporate location 
C. Store customer data based on national borders, ensure end-to end encryption between ATMs, end users, and servers, test redundancy and COOP plans to ensure data is not inadvertently shifted from one legal jurisdiction to another with more stringent regulations 
D. Install redundant servers to handle corporate customer processing, encrypt all customer data to ease the transfer from one country to another, implement end-to-end encryption between mobile applications and the cloud.  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 192

 While reviewing the monthly internet usage it is noted that there is a large spike in traffic classified as "unknown" and does not appear to be within the bounds of the organizations Acceptable Use Policy. Which of the following tool or technology would work BEST for obtaining more information on this traffic?  

A. Firewall logs 
B. IDS logs 
C. Increased spam filtering 
D. Protocol analyser  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 193

 A network administrator wants to ensure that users do not connect any unauthorized devices to the company network. Each desk needs to connect a VoIP phone and computer. Which of the following is the BEST way to accomplish this?  

A. Enforce authentication for network devices 
B. Configure the phones on one VLAN, and computers on another 
C. Enable and configure port channels 
D. Make users sign an Acceptable use Agreement  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 194

 An administrator has concerns regarding the traveling sales team who works primarily from smart phones. Given the sensitive nature of their work, which of the following would BEST prevent access to the data in case of loss or theft?  

A. Enable screensaver locks when the phones are not in use to prevent unauthorized access 
B. Configure the smart phones so that the stored data can be destroyed from a centralized location 
C. Configure the smart phones so that all data is saved to removable media and kept separate from the device 
D. Enable GPS tracking on all smart phones so that they can be quickly located and recovered  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 195

 A user of the wireless network is unable to gain access to the network. The symptoms are:   1.) Unable to connect to both internal and Internet resources   2.) The wireless icon shows connectivity but has no network access  The wireless network is WPA2 Enterprise and users must be a member of the wireless security group to authenticate. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of the connectivity issues?  

A. The wireless signal is not strong enough 
B. A remote DDoS attack against the RADIUS server is taking place 
C. The user's laptop only supports WPA and WEP 
D. The DHCP scope is full 
E. The dynamic encryption key did not update while the user was offline  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 196

 A chief Financial Officer (CFO) has asked the Chief Information Officer (CISO) to provide responses to a recent audit report detailing deficiencies in the organization security controls. The CFO would like to know ways in which the organization can improve its authorization controls.  Given the request by the CFO, which of the following controls should the CISO focus on in the report? (Select Three)  

A. Password complexity policies 
B. Hardware tokens 
C. Biometric systems 
D. Role-based permissions 
E. One time passwords 
F. Separation of duties 
G. Multifactor authentication 
H. Single sign-on 
I. Lease privilege  

Correct Answer: DFI


QUESTION 197

 A mobile device user is concerned about geographic positioning information being included in messages sent between users on a popular social network platform. The user turns off the functionality in the application, but wants to ensure the application cannot re-enable the setting without the knowledge of the user. Which of the following mobile device capabilities should the user disable to achieve the stated goal?  

A. Device access control 
B. Location based services 
C. Application control 
D. GEO-Tagging  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 198

 A member of a digital forensics team, Joe arrives at a crime scene and is preparing to collect system data. Before powering the system off, Joe knows that he must collect the most volatile date first. Which of the following is the correct order in which Joe should collect the data?  

A. CPU cache, paging/swap files, RAM, remote logging data 
B. RAM, CPU cache. Remote logging data, paging/swap files 
C. Paging/swap files, CPU cache, RAM, remote logging data 
D. CPU cache, RAM, paging/swap files, remote logging data  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 199

 An organization has hired a penetration tester to test the security of its ten web servers. The penetration tester is able to gain root/administrative access in several servers by exploiting vulnerabilities associated with the implementation of SMTP, POP, DNS, FTP, Telnet, and IMAP.  Which of the following recommendations should the penetration tester provide to the organization to better protect their web servers in the future?  

A. Use a honeypot 
B. Disable unnecessary services 
C. Implement transport layer security 
D. Increase application event logging  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 200

 A security engineer is faced with competing requirements from the networking group and database administrators. The database administrators would like ten application servers on the same subnet for ease of administration, whereas the networking group would like to segment all applications from one another. Which of the following should the security administrator do to rectify this issue?  

A. Recommend performing a security assessment on each application, and only segment the applications with the most vulnerability 
B. Recommend classifying each application into like security groups and segmenting the groups from one another 
C. Recommend segmenting each application, as it is the most secure approach 
D. Recommend that only applications with minimal security features should be segmented to protect them  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 201

 A security analyst has been asked to perform a review of an organization's software development lifecycle. The analyst reports that the lifecycle does not contain a phase in which team members evaluate and provide critical feedback of another developer's code.  Which of the following assessment techniques is BEST described in the analyst's report? 

A. Architecture evaluation 
B. Baseline reporting 
C. Whitebox testing 
D. Peer review  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 202

 An attacker wearing a building maintenance uniform approached a company's receptionist asking for access to a secure area. The receptionist asks for identification, a building access badge and checks the company's list approved maintenance personnel prior to granting physical access to the secure are. The controls used by the receptionist are in place to prevent which of the following types of attacks?  

A. Tailgating 
B. Shoulder surfing 
C. Impersonation 
D. Hoax  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 203

 A security administrator is tasked with conducting an assessment made to establish the baseline security posture of the corporate IT infrastructure. The assessment must report actual flaws and weaknesses in the infrastructure. Due to the expense of hiring outside consultants, the testing must be performed using in-house or cheaply available resource. There cannot be a possibility of any requirement being damaged in the test. Which of the following has the administrator been tasked to perform?  

A. Risk transference 
B. Penetration test 
C. Threat assessment 
D. Vulnerability assessment  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 204

 A network administrator is attempting to troubleshoot an issue regarding certificates on a secure website. During the troubleshooting process, the network administrator notices that the web gateway proxy on the local network has signed all of the certificates on the local machine. Which of the following describes the type of attack the proxy has been legitimately programmed to perform?  

A. Transitive access 
B. Spoofing 
C. Man-in-the-middle 
D. Replay  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 205

 Which of the following use the SSH protocol?  

A. Stelnet 
B. SCP 
C. SNMP 
D. FTPS 
E. SSL 
F. SFTP  

Correct Answer: BF


QUESTION 206

 Which of the following is the GREATEST risk to a company by allowing employees to physically bring their personal smartphones to work?  

A. Taking pictures of proprietary information and equipment in restricted areas. 
B. Installing soft token software to connect to the company's wireless network. 
C. Company cannot automate patch management on personally-owned devices. 
D. Increases the attack surface by having more target devices on the company's campus  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 207

 Which of the following is the summary of loss for a given year?  

A. MTBF 
B. ALE 
C. SLA 
D. ARO  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 208

 A Security Officer on a military base needs to encrypt several smart phones that will be going into the field. Which of the following encryption solutions should be deployed in this situation?  

A. Elliptic curve 
B. One-time pad 
C. 3DES 
D. AES-256  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 209

 An organization relies heavily on an application that has a high frequency of security updates. At present, the security team only updates the application on the first Monday of each month, even though the security updates are released as often as twice a week. Which of the following would be the BEST method of updating this application?  

A. Configure testing and automate patch management for the application. 
B. Configure security control testing for the application. 
C. Manually apply updates for the application when they are released. 
D. Configure a sandbox for testing patches before the scheduled monthly update.  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 210

 A technician must configure a firewall to block external DNS traffic from entering a network. Which of the following ports should they block on the firewall?  

A. 53 
B. 110 
C. 143 
D. 443  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 211

 A software development company needs to share information between two remote servers, using encryption to protect it. A programmer suggests developing a new encryption protocol, arguing that using an unknown protocol with secure, existing cryptographic algorithm libraries will provide strong encryption without being susceptible to attacks on other known protocols. Which of the following summarizes the BEST response to the programmer's proposal?  

A. The newly developed protocol will only be as secure as the underlying cryptographic algorithms used. 
B. New protocols often introduce unexpected vulnerabilities, even when developed with otherwise secure and tested algorithm libraries. 
C. A programmer should have specialized training in protocol development before attempting to design a new encryption protocol. 
D. The obscurity value of unproven protocols against attacks often outweighs the potential for introducing new vulnerabilities.  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 212

 A security technician would like to obscure sensitive data within a file so that it can be transferred without causing suspicion. Which of the following technologies would BEST be suited to accomplish this?  

A. Transport Encryption 
B. Stream Encryption 
C. Digital Signature 
D. Steganography  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 213

 A supervisor in your organization was demoted on Friday afternoon. The supervisor had the ability to modify the contents of a confidential database, as well as other managerial permissions. On Monday morning, the database administrator reported that log files indicated that several records were missing from the database. Which of the following risk mitigation strategies should have been implemented when the supervisor was demoted?  

A. Incident management 
B. Routine auditing 
C. IT governance 
D. Monthly user rights reviews  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 214

 Which of the following attack types is being carried out where a target is being sent unsolicited messages via Bluetooth?  

A. War chalking 
B. Bluejacking 
C. Bluesnarfing 
D. Rogue tethering  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 215

 Joe is exchanging encrypted email with another party. Joe encrypts the initial email with a key. When Joe receives a response, he is unable to decrypt the response with the same key he used initially. Which of the following would explain the situation?  

A. An ephemeral key was used for one of the messages 
B. A stream cipher was used for the initial email; a block cipher was used for the reply 
C. Out-of-band key exchange has taken place 
D. Asymmetric encryption is being used  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 216

 Recently several employees were victims of a phishing email that appeared to originate from the company president. The email claimed the employees would be disciplined if they did not click on a malicious link in the message. Which of the following principles of social engineering made this attack successful?  

A. Authority 
B. Spamming 
C. Social proof 
D. Scarcity  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 217

 Which of the following is the LEAST secure hashing algorithm?  

A. SHA1 
B. RIPEMD 
C. MD5 
D. DES  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 218

 An employee uses RDP to connect back to the office network. If RDP is misconfigured, which of the following security exposures would this lead to?  

A. A virus on the administrator's desktop would be able to sniff the administrator's username and password. 
B. Result in an attacker being able to phish the employee's username and password. 
C. A social engineering attack could occur, resulting in the employee's password being extracted. 
D. A man in the middle attack could occur, resulting the employee's username and password being captured.  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 219

 Joe, the security administrator, sees this in a vulnerability scan report: "The server 10.1.2.232 is running Apache 2.2.20 which may be vulnerable to a mod_cgi exploit.ﬂ Joe verifies that the mod_cgi module is not enabled on 10.1.2.232. This message is an example of: 

A. a threat. 
B. a risk. 
C. a false negative. 
D. a false positive. 

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 220

 An auditor has identified an access control system that can incorrectly accept an access attempt from an unauthorized user. Which of the following authentication systems has the auditor reviewed?  

A. Password-based 
B. Biometric-based 
C. Location-based 
D. Certificate-based 

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 222

 The Chief Technology Officer (CTO) of a company, Ann, is putting together a hardware budget for the next 10 years. She is asking for the average lifespan of each hardware device so that she is able to calculate when she will have to replace each device. Which of the following categories BEST describes what she is looking for?  

A. ALE 
B. MTTR 
C. MTBF 
D. MTTF  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 223

 A software developer wants to ensure that the application is verifying that a key is valid before establishing SSL connections with random remote hosts on the Internet. Which of the following should be used in the code? (Select TWO.)  

A. Escrowed keys 
B. SSL symmetric encryption key 
C. Software code private key 
D. Remote server public key 
E. OCSP  

Correct Answer: CE


QUESTION 224

 A security guard has informed the Chief Information Security Officer that a person with a tablet has been walking around the building. The guard also noticed strange white markings in different areas of the parking lot. The person is attempting which of the following types of attacks?  

A. Jamming 
B. War chalking 
C. Packet sniffing 
D. Near field communication  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 225

 A system administrator is configuring a site-to-site VPN tunnel. Which of the following should be configured on the VPN concentrator during the IKE phase?  

A. RIPEMD 
B. ECDHE 
C. Diffie-Hellman 
D. HTTPS  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 226

 A network operations manager has added a second row of server racks in the datacenter. These racks face the opposite direction of the first row of racks. Which of the following is the reason the manager installed the racks this way?  

A. To lower energy consumption by sharing power outlets 
B. To create environmental hot and cold isles 
C. To eliminate the potential for electromagnetic interference 
D. To maximize fire suppression capabilities 

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 227

 Phishing emails frequently take advantage of high-profile catastrophes reported in the news. Which of the following principles BEST describes the weakness being exploited?  

A. Intimidation 
B. Scarcity 
C. Authority 
D. Social proof  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 228

 New magnetic locks were ordered for an entire building. In accordance with company policy, employee safety is the top priority. In case of a fire where electricity is cut, which of the following should be taken into consideration when installing the new locks?  

A. Fail safe 
B. Fault tolerance 
C. Fail secure 
D. Redundancy  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 229

 Anne, the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), has reported that she is getting multiple telephone calls from someone claiming to be from the helpdesk. The caller is asking to verify her network authentication credentials because her computer is broadcasting across the network. This is MOST likely which of the following types of attacks?  

A. Vishing 
B. Impersonation 
C. Spim 
D. Scareware  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 230

 An administrator discovers the following log entry on a server:      Nov 12 2013 00:23:45 httpd[2342]: GET      /app2/prod/proc/process.php?input=change;cd%20../../../etc;cat%20shadow Which of the following attacks is being attempted?  

A. Command injection 
B. Password attack 
C. Buffer overflow 
D. Cross-site scripting  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 231

 A security team wants to establish an Incident Response plan. The team has never experienced an incident. Which of the following would BEST help them establish plans and procedures?  

A. Table top exercises 
B. Lessons learned 
C. Escalation procedures 
D. Recovery procedures  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 232

 Which of the following would verify that a threat does exist and security controls can easily be bypassed without actively testing an application?  

A. Protocol analyzer 
B. Vulnerability scan 
C. Penetration test 
D. Port scanner  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 233

 Which of the following technologies would be MOST appropriate to utilize when testing a new software patch before a company-wide deployment?  

A. Cloud computing 
B. Virtualization 
C. Redundancy 
D. Application control  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 234

 A system administrator needs to implement 802.1x whereby when a user logs into the network, the authentication server communicates to the network switch and assigns the user to the proper VLAN. Which of the following protocols should be used?  

A. RADIUS 
B. Kerberos 
C. LDAP 
D. MSCHAP  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 235

 A security administrator receives notice that a third-party certificate authority has been compromised, and new certificates will need to be issued. Which of the following should the administrator submit to receive a new certificate?  

A. CRL 
B. OSCP 
C. PFX 
D. CSR 
E. CA  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 237

 A company wants to host a publicly available server that performs the following functions: Evaluates MX record lookup Can perform authenticated requests for A and AAA records Uses RRSIG Which of the following should the company use to fulfill the above requirements?  

A. DNSSEC 
B. SFTP 
C. nslookup 
D. dig 
E. LDAPS  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 238

 A security administrator is developing training for corporate users on basic security principles for personal email accounts. Which of the following should be mentioned as the MOST secure way for password recovery?  

A. Utilizing a single Qfor password recovery 
B. Sending a PIN to a smartphone through text message 
C. Utilizing CAPTCHA to avoid brute force attacks 
D. Use a different e-mail address to recover password  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 239

 A company researched the root cause of a recent vulnerability in its software. It was determined that the vulnerability was the result of two updates made in the last release. Each update alone would not have resulted in the vulnerability. In order to prevent similar situations in the future, the company should improve which of the following?  

A. Change management procedures 
B. Job rotation policies 
C. Incident response management 
D. Least privilege access controls  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 240

 A computer on a company network was infected with a zero-day exploit after an employee accidently opened an email that contained malicious content. The employee recognized the email as malicious and was attempting to delete it, but accidently opened it. Which of the following should be done to prevent this scenario from occurring again in the future?  

A. Install host-based firewalls on all computers that have an email client installed 
B. Set the email program default to open messages in plain text 
C. Install end-point protection on all computers that access web email 
D. Create new email spam filters to delete all messages from that sender  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 241

 A company wants to ensure that the validity of publicly trusted certificates used by its web server can be determined even during an extended internet outage. Which of the following should be implemented?  

A. Recovery agent 
B. Ocsp 
C. Crl 
D. Key escrow  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 242

 An administrator intends to configure an IPSec solution that provides ESP with integrity protection, but not confidentiality protection. Which of the following AES modes of operation would meet this integrity-only requirement?  

A. HMAC 
B. PCBC 
C. CBC 
D. GCM 
E. CFB  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 243

 The chief security officer (CS0) has issued a new policy that requires that all internal websites be configured for HTTPS traffic only. The network administrator has been tasked to update all internal sites without incurring additional costs. Which of the following is the best solution for the network administrator to secure each internal website?  

A. Use certificates signed by the company CA 
B. Use a signing certificate as a wild card certificate 
C. Use certificates signed by a public ca 
D. Use a self-signed certificate on each internal server  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 244

 A security program manager wants to actively test the security posture of a system. The system is not yet in production and has no uptime requirement or active user base. Which of the following methods will produce a report which shows vulnerabilities that were actually exploited?  

A. Peer review 
B. Component testing 
C. Penetration testing 
D. Vulnerability testing  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 245

 A new intern in the purchasing department requires read access to shared documents. Permissions are normally controlled through a group called "Purchasing", however, the purchasing group permissions allow write access. Which of the following would be the BEST course of action?  

A. Modify all the shared files with read only permissions for the intern. 
B. Create a new group that has only read permissions for the files. 
C. Remove all permissions for the shared files. 
D. Add the intern to the "Purchasing" group.  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 246

 A business has recently deployed laptops to all sales employees. The laptops will be used primarily from home offices and while traveling, and a high amount of wireless mobile use is expected. To protect the laptops while connected to untrusted wireless networks, which of the following would be the BEST method for reducing the risk of having the laptops compromised?  

A. MAC filtering 
B. Virtualization 
C. OS hardening 
D. Application white-listing  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 251

 During a data breach cleanup, it is discovered that not all of the sites involved have the necessary data wiping tools. The necessary tools are quickly distributed to the required technicians, but when should this problem BEST be revisited?  

A. Reporting 
B. Preparation 
C. Mitigation 
D. Lessons Learned  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 254

 Joe, a technician, is working remotely with his company provided laptop at the coffee shop near his home. Joe is concerned that another patron of the coffee shop may be trying to access his laptop. Which of the following is an appropriate control to use to prevent the other patron from accessing Joe's laptop directly?  

A. full-disk encryption 
B. Host-based firewall 
C. Current antivirus definitions 
D. Latest OS updates  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 255

 An attacker uses a network sniffer to capture the packets of a transaction that adds $20 to a gift card. The attacker then user a function of the sniffer to push those packets back onto the network again, adding another $20 to the gift card. This can be done many times. Which of the following describes this type of attack?  

A. Integer overflow attack 
B. Smurf attack 
C. Replay attack 
D. Buffer overflow attack 
E. Cross-site scripting attack  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 256

 An organization is moving its human resources system to a cloud services provider. The company plans to continue using internal usernames and passwords with the service provider, but the security manager does not want the service provider to have a company of the passwords. Which of the following options meets all of these requirements?  

A. Two-factor authentication 
B. Account and password synchronization 
C. Smartcards with PINS 
D. Federated authentication  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 257

 The data backup window has expanded into the morning hours and has begun to affect production users. The main bottleneck in the process is the time it takes to replicate the backups to separate severs at the offsite data center. Which of the following uses of deduplication could be implemented to reduce the backup window?  

A. Implement deduplication at the network level between the two locations 
B. Implement deduplication on the storage array to reduce the amount of drive space needed 
C. Implement deduplication on the server storage to reduce the data backed up 
D. Implement deduplication on both the local and remote servers  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 258

 A penetration testing is preparing for a client engagement in which the tester must provide data that proves and validates the scanning tools' results. Which of the following is the best method for collecting this information?  

A. Set up the scanning system's firewall to permit and log all outbound connections 
B. Use a protocol analyzer to log all pertinent network traffic 
C. Configure network flow data logging on all scanning system 
D. Enable debug level logging on the scanning system and all scanning tools used.   

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 259

 Which of the following best describes the initial processing phase used in mobile device forensics?  

A. The phone should be powered down and the battery removed to preserve the state of data on any internal or removable storage utilized by the mobile device 
B. The removable data storage cards should be processed first to prevent data alteration when examining the mobile device 
C. The mobile device should be examined first, then removable storage and lastly the phone without removable storage should be examined again 
D. The phone and storage cards should be examined as a complete unit after examining the removable storage cards separately.  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 260

 Ann a security analyst is monitoring the IDS console and noticed multiple connections from an internal host to a suspicious call back domain. Which of the following tools would aid her to decipher the network traffic?  

A. Vulnerability Scanner 
B. NMAP 
C. NETSTAT 
D. Packet Analyzer  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 261

 An administrator is testing the collision resistance of different hashing algorithms. Which of the following is the strongest collision resistance test?  

A. Find two identical messages with different hashes 
B. Find two identical messages with the same hash 
C. Find a common has between two specific messages 
D. Find a common hash between a specific message and a random message  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 262

 The SSID broadcast for a wireless router has been disabled but a network administrator notices that unauthorized users are accessing the wireless network. The administer has determined that attackers are still able to detect the presence of the wireless network despite the fact the SSID has been disabled. Which of the following would further obscure the presence of the wireless network?  

A. Upgrade the encryption to WPA or WPA2 
B. Create a non-zero length SSID for the wireless router 
C. Reroute wireless users to a honeypot 
D. Disable responses to a broadcast probe request  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 263

 Which of the following should be used to implement voice encryption?  

A. SSLv3 
B. VDSL 
C. SRTP 
D. VoIP 

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 264

 During an application design, the development team specifics a LDAP module for single sign-on communication with the company's access control database. This is an example of which of the following?  

A. Application control 
B. Data in-transit 
C. Identification 
D. Authentication  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 265

 After a merger, it was determined that several individuals could perform the tasks of a network administrator in the merged organization. Which of the following should have been performed to ensure that employees have proper access?  

A. Time-of-day restrictions 
B. Change management 
C. Periodic auditing of user credentials 
D. User rights and permission review  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 266

 A company exchanges information with a business partner. An annual audit of the business partner is conducted against the SLA in order to verify:  

A. Performance and service delivery metrics 
B. Backups are being performed and tested 
C. Data ownership is being maintained and audited 
D. Risk awareness is being adhered to and enforced  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 267

 Which of the following is the proper way to quantify the total monetary damage resulting from an exploited vulnerability? 

A. Calculate the ALE 
B. Calculate the ARO 
C. Calculate the MTBF 
D. Calculate the TCO 

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 268

 A security administrator needs to implement a system that detects possible intrusions based upon a vendor provided list. Which of the following BEST describes this type of IDS? 

A. Signature based 
B. Heuristic 
C. Anomaly-based 
D. Behavior-based 

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 269

 The chief Security Officer (CSO) has reported a rise in data loss but no break ins have occurred. By doing which of the following is the CSO most likely to reduce the number of incidents?  

A. Implement protected distribution 
B. Empty additional firewalls 
C. Conduct security awareness training 
D. Install perimeter barricades  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 270

 Having adequate lighting on the outside of a building is an example of which of the following security controls?  

A. Deterrent 
B. Compensating 
C. Detective 
D. Preventative  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 271

 During a recent audit, it was discovered that several user accounts belonging to former employees were still active and had valid VPN permissions. Which of the following would help reduce the amount of risk the organization incurs in this situation in the future?  

A. Time-of-day restrictions 
B. User access reviews 
C. Group-based privileges 
D. Change management policies  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 272

 An organization is working with a cloud services provider to transition critical business applications to a hybrid cloud environment. The organization retains sensitive customer data and wants to ensure the provider has sufficient administrative and logical controls in place to protect its data. In which of the following documents would this concern MOST likely be addressed?  

A. Service level agreement 
B. Interconnection security agreement 
C. Non-disclosure agreement 
D. Business process analysis  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 273

 A security administrator wants to implement a company-wide policy to empower data owners to manage and enforce access control rules on various resources. Which of the following should be implemented?  

A. Mandatory access control 
B. Discretionary access control 
C. Role based access control 
D. Rule-based access control  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 274

 Which of the following BEST describes an attack where communications between two parties are intercepted and forwarded to each party with neither party being aware of the interception and potential modification to the communications?  

A. Spear phishing 
B. Main-in-the-middle 
C. URL hijacking 
D. Transitive access  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 275

 A security administrator wishes to implement a secure a method of file transfer when communicating with outside organizations. Which of the following protocols would BEST facilitate secure file transfers? (Select TWO)  

A. SCP 
B. TFTP 
C. SNMP 
D. FTP 
E. SMTP 
F. FTPS  

Correct Answer: AF


QUESTION 276

 A technician needs to implement a system which will properly authenticate users by their username and password only when the users are logging in from a computer in the office building. Any attempt to authenticate from a location other than the office building should be rejected. Which of the following MUST the technician implement?  

A. Dual factor authentication 
B. Transitive authentication 
C. Single factor authentication 
D. Biometric authentication  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 277

 After correctly configuring a new wireless enabled thermostat to control the temperature of the company's meeting room, Joe, a network administrator determines that the thermostat is not connecting to the internet-based control system. Joe verifies that the thermostat received the expected network parameters and it is associated with the AP. Additionally, the other wireless mobile devices connected to the same wireless network are functioning properly. The network administrator verified that the thermostat works when tested at his residence. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason the thermostat is not connecting to the internet?  

A. The company implements a captive portal 
B. The thermostat is using the incorrect encryption algorithm 
C. the WPA2 shared likely is incorrect 
D. The company's DHCP server scope is full  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 278

 A Chief Security Officer (CSO) has been unsuccessful in attempts to access the website for a potential partner (www.example.net). Which of the following rules is preventing the CSO from accessing the site? rs?  

A. Rule 1: deny from inside to outside source any destination any service smtp 
B. Rule 2: deny from inside to outside source any destination any service ping 
C. Rule 3: deny from inside to outside source any destination {blocked sites} service http-https 
D. Rule 4: deny from any to any source any destination any service any  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 279

 Malware that changes its binary pattern on specific dates at specific times to avoid detection is known as a (n):  

A. armored virus 
B. logic bomb 
C. polymorphic virus 
D. Trojan  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 280

 A company is planning to encrypt the files in several sensitive directories of a file server with a symmetric key. Which of the following could be used?  

A. RSA 
B. TwoFish 
C. Diffie-Helman 
D. NTLMv2 
E. RIPEMD  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 281

 Which of the following is a document that contains detailed information about actions that include how something will be done, when the actions will be performed, and penalties for failure?  

A. MOU 
B. ISA 
C. BPA 
D. SLA  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 282

 Which of the following are MOST susceptible to birthday attacks?  

A. Hashed passwords 
B. Digital certificates 
C. Encryption passwords 
D. One time passwords  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 283

 Joe a computer forensic technician responds to an active compromise of a database server. Joe first collects information in memory, then collects network traffic and finally conducts an image of the hard drive. Which of the following procedures did Joe follow?  

A. Order of volatility 
B. Chain of custody 
C. Recovery procedure 
D. Incident isolation  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 284

 A system administrator wants to implement an internal communication system that will allow employees to send encrypted messages to each other. The system must also support non- repudiation. Which of the following implements all these requirements?  

A. Bcrypt 
B. Blowfish 
C. PGP 
D. SHA  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 285

 Given the log output: Max 15 00:15:23.431 CRT: #SEC_LOGIN-5-LOGIN_SUCCESS: Login Success [user: msmith] [Source: 10.0.12.45] [localport: 23] at 00:15:23:431 CET Sun Mar 15 2015 Which of the following should the network administrator do to protect data security?  

A. Configure port security for logons 
B. Disable telnet and enable SSH 
C. Configure an AAA server 
D. Disable password and enable RSA authentication  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 286

 The firewall administrator is adding a new certificate for the company's remote access solution. The solution requires that the uploaded file contain the entire certificate chain for the certificate to load properly. The administrator loads the company certificate and the root CA certificate into the file. The file upload is rejected. Which of the following is required to complete the certificate chain?  

A. Certificate revocation list 
B. Intermediate authority 
C. Recovery agent 
D. Root of trust  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 287

 The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of a major defense contracting company a traveling overseas for a conference. The CEO will be taking a laptop. Which of the following should the security administrator implement to ensure confidentiality of the data if the laptop were to be stolen or lost during the trip?  

A. Remote wipe 
B. Full device encryption 
C. BIOS password 
D. GPS tracking  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 288

 In an effort to reduce data storage requirements, some company devices to hash every file and eliminate duplicates. The data processing routines are time sensitive so the hashing algorithm is fast and supported on a wide range of systems. Which of the following algorithms is BEST suited for this purpose?  

A. MD5 
B. SHA 
C. RIPEMD 
D. AES  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 289

 A new security policy in an organization requires that all file transfers within the organization be completed using applications that provide secure transfer. Currently, the organization uses FTP and HTTP to transfer files. Which of the following should the organization implement in order to be compliant with the new policy?  

A. Replace FTP with SFTP and replace HTTP with TLS 
B. Replace FTP with FTPS and replaces HTTP with TFTP 
C. Replace FTP with SFTP and replace HTTP with Telnet 
D. Replace FTP with FTPS and replaces HTTP with IPSec  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 290

 A product manager is concerned about continuing operations at a facility located in a region undergoing significant political unrest. After consulting with senior management, a decision is made to suspend operations at the facility until the situation stabilizes. Which of the following risk management strategies BEST describes management's response?  

A. Deterrence 
B. Mitigation 
C. Avoidance 
D. Acceptance  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 291

 Joe notices there are several user accounts on the local network generating spam with embedded malicious code. Which of the following technical control should Joe put in place to BEST reduce these incidents?  

A. Account lockout 
B. Group Based Privileges 
C. Least privilege 
D. Password complexity  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 292

 Two users need to securely share encrypted files via email. Company policy prohibits users from sharing credentials or exchanging encryption keys. Which of the following can be implemented to enable users to share encrypted data while abiding by company policies?  

A. Key escrow 
B. Digital signatures 
C. PKI 
D. Hashing  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 293

 An information system owner has supplied a new requirement to the development team that calls for increased non-repudiation within the application. After undergoing several audits, the owner determined that current levels of non-repudiation were insufficient. Which of the following capabilities would be MOST appropriate to consider implementing is response to the new requirement?  

A. Transitive trust 
B. Symmetric encryption 
C. Two-factor authentication 
D. Digital signatures 
E. One-time passwords  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 294

 Joe a website administrator believes he owns the intellectual property for a company invention and has been replacing image files on the company's public facing website in the DMZ. Joe is using steganography to hide stolen data. Which of the following controls can be implemented to mitigate this type of inside threat?  

A. Digital signatures 
B. File integrity monitoring 
C. Access controls 
D. Change management 
E. Stateful inspection firewall  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 295

 The process of applying a salt and cryptographic hash to a password then repeating the process many times is known as which of the following?  

A. Collision resistance 
B. Rainbow table 
C. Key stretching 
D. Brute force attack  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 296

 Which of the following is commonly used for federated identity management across multiple organizations?  

A. SAML 
B. Active Directory 
C. Kerberos 
D. LDAP  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 297

 While performing surveillance activities, an attacker determines that an organization is using 802.1X to secure LAN access. Which of the following attack mechanisms can the attacker utilize to bypass the identified network security?  

A. MAC spoofing 
B. Pharming 
C. Xmas attack 
D. ARP poisoning  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 298

 A security administrator has been asked to implement a VPN that will support remote access over IPSE
C. Which of the following is an encryption algorithm that would meet this requirement?  

A. MD5 
B. AES 
C. UDP 
D. PKI  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 299

 A security administrator is evaluating three different services: radius, diameter, and Kerberos. Which of the following is a feature that is UNIQUE to Kerberos?  

A. It provides authentication services 
B. It uses tickets to identify authenticated users 
C. It provides single sign-on capability 
D. It uses XML for cross-platform interoperability  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 300

 Which of the following can affect electrostatic discharge in a network operations center?  

A. Fire suppression 
B. Environmental monitoring 
C. Proximity card access 
D. Humidity controls  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 301

 A malicious attacker has intercepted HTTP traffic and inserted an ASCII line that sets the referrer URL. Which of the following is the attacker most likely utilizing?  

A. Header manipulation
B. Cookie hijacking 
C. Cross-site scripting 
D. Xml injection  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 302

 A company would like to prevent the use of a known set of applications from being used on company computers. Which of the following should the security administrator implement?  

A. Whitelisting 
B. Anti-malware 
C. Application hardening 
D. Blacklisting 
E. Disable removable media  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 303

 A new hire wants to use a personally owned phone to access company resources. The new hire expresses concern about what happens to the data on the phone when they leave the company. Which of the following portions of the company's mobile device management configuration would allow the company data to be removed from the device without touching the new hire's data?  

A. Asset control 
B. Device access control 
C. Storage lock out 
D. Storage segmentation  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 304

 A consultant has been tasked to assess a client's network. The client reports frequent network outages. Upon viewing the spanning tree configuration, the consultant notices that an old and law performing edge switch on the network has been elected to be the root bridge. Which of the following explains this scenario?  

A. The switch also serves as the DHCP server 
B. The switch has the lowest MAC address 
C. The switch has spanning tree loop protection enabled 
D. The switch has the fastest uplink port  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 305

 An organization is trying to decide which type of access control is most appropriate for the network. The current access control approach is too complex and requires significant overhead. Management would like to simplify the access control and provide user with the ability to determine what permissions should be applied to files, document, and directories. The access control method that BEST satisfies these objectives is:  

A. Rule-based access control 
B. Role-based access control 
C. Mandatory access control 
D. Discretionary access control  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 306

 While reviewing the security controls in place for a web-based application, a security controls assessor notices that there are no password strength requirements in place. Because of this vulnerability, passwords might be easily discovered using a brute force attack. Which of the following password requirements will MOST effectively improve the security posture of the application against these attacks? (Select two)  

A. Minimum complexity 
B. Maximum age limit 
C. Maximum length 
D. Minimum length 
E. Minimum age limit 
F. Minimum re-use limit  

Correct Answer: AD


QUESTION 307

 A security administrator determined that users within the company are installing unapproved software. Company policy dictates that only certain applications may be installed or ran on the user's computers without exception. Which of the following should the administrator do to prevent all unapproved software from running on the user's computer?  

A. Deploy antivirus software and configure it to detect and remove pirated software 
B. Configure the firewall to prevent the downloading of executable files 
C. Create an application whitelist and use OS controls to enforce it 
D. Prevent users from running as administrator so they cannot install software.  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 308

 A security administrator is tasked with implementing centralized management of all network devices. Network administrators will be required to logon to network devices using their LDAP credentials. All command executed by network administrators on network devices must fall within a preset list of authorized commands and must be logged to a central facility. Which of the following configuration commands should be implemented to enforce this requirement?  

A. LDAP server 10.55.199.3 
B. CN=company, CN=com, OU=netadmin, DC=192.32.10.233 
C. SYSLOG SERVER 172.16.23.50 
D. TACAS server 192.168.1.100  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 309

 A website administrator has received an alert from an application designed to check the integrity of the company's website. The alert indicated that the hash value for a particular MPEG file has changed. Upon further investigation, the media appears to be the same as it was before the alert. Which of the following methods has MOST likely been used?  

A. Cryptography 
B. Time of check/time of use 
C. Man in the middle 
D. Covert timing 
E. Steganography  

Correct Answer: E


QUESTION 310

 An attacker captures the encrypted communication between two parties for a week, but is unable to decrypt the messages. The attacker then compromises the session key during one exchange and successfully compromises a single message. The attacker plans to use this key to decrypt previously captured and future communications, but is unable to. This is because the encryption scheme in use adheres to:  

A. Asymmetric encryption 
B. Out-of-band key exchange 
C. Perfect forward secrecy 
D. Secure key escrow  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 313

 The IT department needs to prevent users from installing untested applications. Which of the following would provide the BEST solution?  

A. Job rotation 
B. Least privilege 
C. Account lockout 
D. Antivirus  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 314

 An attack that is using interference as its main attack to impede network traffic is which of the following?  

A. Introducing too much data to a targets memory allocation 
B. Utilizing a previously unknown security flaw against the target 
C. Using a similar wireless configuration of a nearby network 
D. Inundating a target system with SYN requests  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 315

 An organization wants to conduct secure transactions of large data files. Before encrypting and exchanging the data files, the organization wants to ensure a secure exchange of keys. Which of the following algorithms is appropriate for securing the key exchange?  

A. DES 
B. Blowfish 
C. DSA 
D. Diffie-Hellman 
E. 3DES  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 316

 Ann, a college professor, was recently reprimanded for posting disparaging remarks re-grading her coworkers on a web site. Ann stated that she was not aware that the public was able to view her remakes. Which of the following security-related trainings could have made Ann aware of the repercussions of her actions?  

A. Data Labeling and disposal 
B. Use of social networking 
C. Use of P2P networking 
D. Role-based training  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 317

 During a recent audit, it was discovered that many services and desktops were missing security patches. Which of the following BEST describes the assessment that was performed to discover this issue?  

A. Network mapping 
B. Vulnerability scan 
C. Port Scan 
D. Protocol analysis  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 318

 When generating a request for a new x.509 certificate for securing a website, which of the following is the MOST appropriate hashing algorithm?  

A. RC4 
B. MD5 
C. HMAC 
D. SHA  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 319

 The administrator installs database software to encrypt each field as it is written to disk. Which of the following describes the encrypted data?  

A. In-transit 
B. In-use 
C. Embedded 
D. At-rest  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 320

 Which of the following allows an application to securely authenticate a user by receiving credentials from a web domain?  

A. TACACS+ 
B. RADIUS 
C. Kerberos 
D. SAML  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 321

 A network technician is trying to determine the source of an ongoing network based attack. Which of the following should the technician use to view IPv4 packet data on a particular internal network segment?  

A. Proxy 
B. Protocol analyzer 
C. Switch 
D. Firewall  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 322

 The security administrator has noticed cars parking just outside of the building fence line. Which of the following security measures can the administrator use to help protect the company's WiFi network against war driving? (Select TWO)  

A. Create a honeynet 
B. Reduce beacon rate 
C. Add false SSIDs 
D. Change antenna placement 
E. Adjust power level controls 
F. Implement a warning banner  

Correct Answer: DE


QUESTION 323

 A security administrator suspects that data on a server has been exhilarated as a result of un- authorized remote access. Which of the following would assist the administrator in con-firming the suspicions? (Select TWO)  

A. Networking access control 
B. DLP alerts 
C. Log analysis 
D. File integrity monitoring 
E. Host firewall rules  

Correct Answer: BC


QUESTION 324

 A company is deploying a new VoIP phone system. They require 99.999% uptime for their phone service and are concerned about their existing data network interfering with the VoIP phone system. The core switches in the existing data network are almost fully saturated. Which of the following options will pro-vide the best performance and availability for both the VoIP traffic, as well as the traffic on the existing data network?  

A. Put the VoIP network into a different VLAN than the existing data network. 
B. Upgrade the edge switches from 10/100/1000 to improve network speed 
C. Physically separate the VoIP phones from the data network 
D. Implement flood guards on the data network  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 325

 A server administrator needs to administer a server remotely using RDP, but the specified port is closed on the outbound firewall on the network. The access the server using RDP on a port other than the typical registered port for the RDP protocol?  

A. TLS 
B. MPLS 
C. SCP 
D. SSH  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 326

 Which of the following can be used to control specific commands that can be executed on a network infrastructure device?  

A. LDAP 
B. Kerberos 
C. SAML 
D. TACACS+  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 327

 Company XYZ has decided to make use of a cloud-based service that requires mutual, certificate- based authentication with its users. The company uses SSL-inspecting IDS at its network boundary and is concerned about the confidentiality of the mutual authentication. Which of the following model prevents the IDS from capturing credentials used to authenticate users to the new service or keys to decrypt that communication?  

A. Use of OATH between the user and the service and attestation from the company domain 
B. Use of active directory federation between the company and the cloud-based service 
C. Use of smartcards that store x.509 keys, signed by a global CA 
D. Use of a third-party, SAML-based authentication service for attestation  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 328

 Six months into development, the core team assigned to implement a new internal piece of software must convene to discuss a new requirement with the stake holders. A stakeholder identified a missing feature critical to the organization, which must be implemented. The team needs to validate the feasibility of the newly introduced requirement and ensure it does not introduce new vulnerabilities to the software and other applications that will integrate with it. Which of the following BEST describes what the company?  

A. The system integration phase of the SDLC 
B. The system analysis phase of SSDSLC 
C. The system design phase of the SDLC 
D. The system development phase of the SDLC  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 329

 A company is investigating a data compromise where data exfiltration occurred. Prior to the investigation, the supervisor terminates an employee as a result of the suspected data loss. During the investigation, the supervisor is absent for the interview, and little evidence can be provided form the role-based authentication system in use by the company. The situation can be identified for future mitigation as which of the following?  

A. Job rotation 
B. Log failure 
C. Lack of training 
D. Insider threat  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 330

 A security administrator needs an external vendor to correct an urgent issue with an organization's physical access control system (PACS). The PACS does not currently have internet access because it is running a legacy operation system. Which of the following methods should the security administrator select the best balances security and efficiency?  

A. Temporarily permit outbound internet access for the pacs so desktop sharing can be set up 
B. Have the external vendor come onsite and provide access to the PACS directly 
C. Set up VPN concentrator for the vendor and restrict access to the PACS using desktop sharing 
D. Set up a web conference on the administrator's pc; then remotely connect to the pacs  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 331

 A datacenter manager has been asked to prioritize critical system recovery priorities. Which of the following is the MOST critical for immediate recovery?  

A. Communications software 
B. Operating system software 
C. Weekly summary reports to management 
D. Financial and production software  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 332

 Which of the following techniques can be bypass a user or computer's web browser privacy settings? (Select Two)  

A. SQL injection 
B. Session hijacking 
C. Cross-site scripting 
D. Locally shared objects 
E. LDAP injection  

Correct Answer: BC


QUESTION 333

 When designing a web based client server application with single application server and database cluster backend, input validation should be performed:  

A. On the client 
B. Using database stored procedures 
C. On the application server 
D. Using HTTPS  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 334

 Which of the following delineates why it is important to perform egress filtering and monitoring on Internet connected security zones of interfaces on a firewall?  

A. Egress traffic is more important than ingress traffic for malware prevention 
B. To rebalance the amount of outbound traffic and inbound traffic 
C. Outbound traffic could be communicating to known botnet sources 
D. To prevent DDoS attacks originating from external network  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 335

 The help desk is receiving numerous password change alerts from users in the accounting department. These alerts occur multiple times on the same day for each of the affected users' accounts. Which of the following controls should be implemented to curtail this activity?  

A. Password Reuse 
B. Password complexity 
C. Password History 
D. Password Minimum age  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 336

 Which of the following would enhance the security of accessing data stored in the cloud? (Select TWO)  

A. Block level encryption 
B. SAML authentication 
C. Transport encryption 
D. Multifactor authentication 
E. Predefined challenge questions 
F. Hashing  

Correct Answer: BD


QUESTION 337

 A remote user (User1) is unable to reach a newly provisioned corporate windows workstation. The system administrator has been given the following log files from the VPN, corporate firewall and workstation host.  Which of the following is preventing the remote user from being able to access the workstation?  

A. Network latency is causing remote desktop service request to time out 
B. User1 has been locked out due to too many failed passwords 
C. Lack of network time synchronization is causing authentication mismatches 
D. The workstation has been compromised and is accessing known malware sites 
E. The workstation host firewall is not allowing remote desktop connections  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 338

 During a third-party audit, it is determined that a member of the firewall team can request, approve, and implement a new ruleset on the firewall. Which of the following will the audit team most l likely recommend during the audit out brief?  

A. Discretionary access control for the firewall team 
B. Separation of duties policy for the firewall team 
C. Least privilege for the firewall team 
D. Mandatory access control for the firewall team  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 339

 Which of the following is the appropriate network structure used to protect servers and services that must be provided to external clients without completely eliminating access for internal users?  

A. NAC 
B. VLAN 
C. DMZ 
D. Subnet  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 340

 An administrator has configured a new Linux server with the FTP service. Upon verifying that the service was configured correctly, the administrator has several users test the FTP service. Users report that they are able to connect to the FTP service and download their personal files, however, they cannot transfer new files to the server. Which of the following will most likely fix the uploading issue for the users?  

A. Create an ACL to allow the FTP service write access to user directories 
B. Set the Boolean selinux value to allow FTP home directory uploads 
C. Reconfigure the ftp daemon to operate without utilizing the PSAV mode 
D. Configure the FTP daemon to utilize PAM authentication pass through user permissions  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 341

 An administrator thinks the UNIX systems may be compromised, but a review of system log files provides no useful information. After discussing the situation with the security team, the administrator suspects that the attacker may be altering the log files and removing evidence of intrusion activity. Which of the following actions will help detect attacker attempts to further alter log files?  

A. Enable verbose system logging 
B. Change the permissions on the user's home directory 
C. Implement remote syslog 
D. Set the bash_history log file to "read only"  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 342

 A global gaming console manufacturer is launching a new gaming platform to its customers. Which of the following controls reduces the risk created by malicious gaming customers attempting to circumvent control by way of modifying consoles?  

A. Firmware version control 
B. Manual software upgrades 
C. Vulnerability scanning 
D. Automatic updates 
E. Network segmentation 
F. Application firewalls  

Correct Answer: AD


QUESTION 343

 An audit has revealed that database administrators are also responsible for auditing database changes and backup logs. Which of the following access control methodologies would BEST mitigate this concern?  

A. Time of day restrictions 
B. Principle of least privilege 
C. Role-based access control 
D. Separation of duties  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 344

 An external contractor, who has not been given information about the software or network architecture, is conducting a penetration test. Which of the following BEST describes the test being performed?  

A. Black box 
B. White box 
C. Passive reconnaissance 
D. Vulnerability scan  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 345

 A security administrator receives an alert from a third-party vendor that indicates a certificate that was installed in the browser has been hijacked at the root of a small public CA. The security administrator knows there are at least four different browsers in use on more than a thousand computers in the domain worldwide. Which of the following solutions would be BEST for the security administrator to implement to most efficiently assist with this issue?  

A. SSL 
B. CRL 
C. PKI 
D. ACL  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 346

 A security analyst has set up a network tap to monitor network traffic for vulnerabilities. Which of the following techniques would BEST describe the approach the analyst has taken?  

A. Compliance scanning 
B. Credentialed scanning 
C. Passive vulnerability scanning 
D. Port scanning  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 347

 Due to regulatory requirements, a security analyst must implement full drive encryption on a Windows file server. Which of the following should the analyst implement on the system to BEST meet this requirement? (Choose two.)  

A. Enable and configure EFS on the file system. 
B. Ensure the hardware supports TPM, and enable it in the BIOS. 
C. Ensure the hardware supports VT-X, and enable it in the BIOS. 
D. Enable and configure BitLocker on the drives. 
E. Enable and configure DFS across the file system.  

Correct Answer: BD


QUESTION 348

 A company™s loss control department identifies theft as a recurring loss type over the past year. Based on the department™s report, the Chief Information Officer (CIO) wants to detect theft of datacenter equipment. Which of the following controls should be implemented?  

A. Biometrics 
B. Cameras 
C. Motion detectors 
D. Mantraps  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 349

 Which of the following penetration testing concepts is being used when an attacker uses public Internet databases to enumerate and learn more about a target?  

A. Reconnaissance 
B. Initial exploitation 
C. Pivoting 
D. Vulnerability scanning 
E. White box testing  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 350

 While performing a penetration test, the technicians want their efforts to go unnoticed for as long as possible while they gather useful data about the network they are assessing. Which of the following would be the BEST choice for the technicians?  

A. Vulnerability scanner 
B. Offline password cracker 
C. Packet sniffer 
D. Banner grabbing  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 351

 A security analyst captures forensic evidence from a potentially compromised system for further investigation. The evidence is documented and securely stored to FIRST:  

A. maintain the chain of custody. 
B. preserve the data. 
C. obtain a legal hold. 
D. recover data at a later time.  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 352

 A security analyst is investigating a security breach. Upon inspection of the audit an access logs, the analyst notices the host was accessed and the /etc/passwd file was modified with a new entry for username ﬁgotchaﬂ and user ID of 0. Which of the following are the MOST likely attack vector and tool the analyst should use to determine if the attack is still ongoing? (Select TWO)  

A. Logic bomb 
B. Backdoor 
C. Keylogger 
D. Netstat 
E. Tracert 
F. Ping  

Correct Answer: BD


QUESTION 353

 A company recently replaced its unsecure email server with a cloud-based email and collaboration solution that is managed and insured by a third party. Which of the following actions did the company take regarding risks related to its email and collaboration services?  

A. Transference 
B. Acceptance 
C. Mitigation 
D. Deterrence 

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 354

 A security administrator is reviewing the following network capture:  Which of the following malware is MOST likely to generate the above information?  

A. Keylogger 
B. Ransomware 
C. Logic bomb 
D. Adware  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 357

 A security analyst is working on a project that requires the implementation of a stream cipher. Which of the following should the analyst use?  

A. Hash function 
B. Elliptic curve 
C. Symmetric algorithm 
D. Public key cryptography  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 358

 Which of the following would allow for the QUICKEST restoration of a server into a warm recovery site in a case in which server data mirroring is not enabled?  

A. Full backup 
B. Incremental backup 
C. Differential backup 
D. Snapshot  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 359

 In determining when it may be necessary to perform a credentialed scan against a system instead of a non-credentialed scan, which of the following requirements is MOST likely to influence this decision?  

A. The scanner must be able to enumerate the host OS of devices scanned. 
B. The scanner must be able to footprint the network. 
C. The scanner must be able to check for open ports with listening services. 
D. The scanner must be able to audit file system permissions  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 360

 The computer resource center issued smartphones to all first-level and above managers. The managers have the ability to install mobile tools. Which of the following tools should be implemented to control the types of tools the managers install?  

A. Download manager 
B. Content manager 
C. Segmentation manager 
D. Application manager  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 361

 Which of the following BEST describes a network-based attack that can allow an attacker to take full control of a vulnerable host?  

A. Remote exploit 
B. Amplification 
C. Sniffing 
D. Man-in-the-middle  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 362

 A security auditor is putting together a report for the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) on personnel security and its impact on the security posture of the whole organization. Which of the following would be the MOST important factor to consider when it comes to personnel security?  

A. Insider threats 
B. Privilege escalation 
C. Hacktivist 
D. Phishing through social media 
E. Corporate espionage  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 363

 A security administrator wants to configure a company™s wireless network in a way that will prevent wireless clients from broadcasting the company™s SSID. Which of the following should be configured on the company™s access points?  

A. Enable ESSID broadcast 
B. Enable protected management frames 
C. Enable wireless encryption 
D. Disable MAC authentication 
E. Disable WPS 
F. Disable SSID broadcast  

Correct Answer: F


QUESTION 364

 A wireless network has the following design requirements: Authentication must not be dependent on enterprise directory service It must allow background reconnection for mobile users It must not depend on user certificates Which of the following should be used in the design to meet the requirements? (Choose two.)  

A. PEAP 
B. PSK 
C. Open systems authentication 
D. EAP-TLS 
E. Captive portals  

Correct Answer: BE


QUESTION 365

 Which of the following strategies should a systems architect use to minimize availability risks due to insufficient storage capacity?  

A. High availability 
B. Scalability 
C. Distributive allocation 
D. Load balancing  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 366

 A security engineer wants to implement a site-to-site VPN that will require SSL certificates for mutual authentication. Which of the following should the engineer implement if the design requires client MAC address to be visible across the tunnel?  

A. Tunnel mode IPSec 
B. Transport mode VPN IPSec 
C. L2TP 
D. SSL VPN  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 367

 After surfing the Internet, Joe, a user, woke up to find all his files were corrupted. His wallpaper was replaced by a message stating the files were encrypted and he needed to transfer money to a foreign country to recover them. Joe is a victim of:  

A. a keylogger 
B. spyware 
C. ransomware 
D. a logic bomb  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 368

 Security administrators attempted corrective action after a phishing attack. Users are still experiencing trouble logging in, as well as an increase in account lockouts. Users' email contacts are complaining of an increase in spam and social networking requests. Due to the large number of affected accounts, remediation must be accomplished quickly. Which of the following actions should be taken FIRST? (Select TWO)  

A. Disable the compromised accounts 
B. Update WAF rules to block social networks 
C. Remove the compromised accounts with all AD groups 
D. Change the compromised accounts' passwords 
E. Disable the open relay on the email server 
F. Enable sender policy framework  

Correct Answer: EF


QUESTION 369

 Which of the following allows an auditor to test proprietary-software compiled code for security flaws?  

A. Fuzzing 
B. Static review 
C. Code signing 
D. Regression testing  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 370

 Ann, a user, states that her machine has been behaving erratically over the past week. She has experienced slowness and input lag and found text files that appear to contain pieces of her emails or online conversations with coworkers. The technician runs a standard virus scan but detects nothing. Which of the following types of malware has infected the machine?  

A. Ransomware 
B. Rootkit 
C. Backdoor 
D. Keylogger  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 371

 A security administrator wants to implement a logon script that will prevent MITM attacks on the local LAN. Which of the following commands should the security administrator implement within the script to accomplish this task?  

A. arp - s 192.168.1.1 00-3a-d1-fa-b1-06 
B. dig - x@192.168.1.1 mypc.comptia.com 
C. nmap - A - T4 192.168.1.1 
D. tcpdump - lnv host 192.168.1.1 or either 00:3a:d1:fa:b1:06  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 372

 Which of the following is the BEST reason for salting a password hash before it is stored in a database?  

A. To prevent duplicate values from being stored 
B. To make the password retrieval process very slow 
C. To protect passwords from being saved in readable format 
D. To prevent users from using simple passwords for their access credentials  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 373

 An actor downloads and runs a program against a corporate login page. The program imports a list of usernames and passwords, looking for a successful attempt. Which of the following terms BEST describes the actor in this situation?  

A. Script kiddie 
B. Hacktivist 
C. Cryptologist 
D. Security auditor  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 374

 An organization wants to utilize a common, Internet-based third-party provider for authorization and authentication. The provider uses a technology based on OAuth 2.0 to provide required services. To which of the following technologies is the provider referring?  

A. Open ID Connect 
B. SAML 
C. XACML 
D. LDAP  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 375

 A penetration tester harvests potential usernames from a social networking site. The penetration tester then uses social engineering to attempt to obtain associated passwords to gain unauthorized access to shares on a network server. Which of the following methods is the penetration tester MOST likely using?  

A. Escalation of privilege 
B. SQL injection 
C. Active reconnaissance 
D. Proxy server  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 376

 Which of the following could occur when both strong and weak ciphers are configured on a VPN concentrator? (Select TWO)  

A. An attacker could potentially perform a downgrade attack. 
B. The connection is vulnerable to resource exhaustion. 
C. The integrity of the data could be at risk. 
D. The VPN concentrator could revert to L2TP. 
E. The IPSec payload reverted to 16-bit sequence numbers.  

Correct Answer: AE


QUESTION 377

 Which of the following is the BEST choice for a security control that represents a preventive and corrective logical control at the same time?  

A. Security awareness training 
B. Antivirus 
C. Firewalls 
D. Intrusion detection system  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 378

 A web developer improves client access to the company's REST AP
I. Authentication needs to be tokenized but not expose the client's password. Which of the following methods would BEST meet the developer's requirements? 

A. SAML 
B. LDAP 
C. OAuth 
D. Shibboleth 

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 379

 A vulnerability scan is being conducted against a desktop system. The scan is looking for files, versions, and registry values known to be associated with system vulnerabilities. Which of the following BEST describes the type of scan being performed?  

A. Non-intrusive 
B. Authenticated 
C. Credentialed 
D. Active  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 380

 A security analyst is updating a BIA document. The security analyst notices the support vendor's time to replace a server hard drive went from eight hours to two hours. Given these new metrics, which of the following can be concluded? (Select TWO)  

A. The MTTR is faster. 
B. The MTTR is slower. 
C. The RTO has increased. 
D. The RTO has decreased. 
E. The MTTF has increased. 
F. The MTTF has decreased.  

Correct Answer: AD


QUESTION 381

 Which of the following could help detect trespassers in a secure facility? (Select TWO)  

A. Faraday cages 
B. Motion-detection sensors 
C. Tall, chain-link fencing 
D. Security guards 
E. Smart cards  

Correct Answer: BD


QUESTION 382

 The IT department is deploying new computers. To ease the transition, users will be allowed to access their old and new systems. The help desk is receive reports that users are experiencing the following error when attempting to log in to their previous system: Logon Failure: Access Denied Which of the following can cause this issue?  

A. Permission issues 
B. Access violations 
C. Certificate issues 
D. Misconfigured devices  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 383

 A third-party penetration testing company was able to successfully use an ARP cache poison technique to gain root access on a server. The tester successfully moved to another server that was not in the original network. Which of the following is the MOST likely method used to gain access to the other host?  

A. Backdoor 
B. Pivoting 
C. Persistance 
D. Logic bomp  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 384

 Ann, a security administrator, wants to ensure credentials are encrypted in transit when implementing a RADIUS server for SSO. Which of the following are needed given these requirements? (Select TWO)  

A. Public key 
B. Shared key 
C. Elliptic curve 
D. MD5 
E. Private key 
F. DES  

Correct Answer: AE


QUESTION 385

 The POODLE attack is an MITM exploit that affects:  

A. TLS1.0 with CBC mode cipher 
B. SSLv2.0 with CBC mode cipher 
C. SSLv3.0 with CBC mode cipher 
D. SSLv3.0 with ECB mode cipher  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 386

 To determine the ALE of a particular risk, which of the following must be calculated? (Select two.)  

A. ARO 
B. ROI 
C. RPO 
D. SLE 
E. RTO  

Correct Answer: AD


QUESTION 387

 Which of the following are used to increase the computing time it takes to brute force a password using an offline attack? (Select TWO)  

A. XOR 
B. PBKDF2 
C. bcrypt 
D. HMAC 
E. RIPEMD  

Correct Answer: BC


QUESTION 388

 Users in a corporation currently authenticate with a username and password. A security administrator wishes to implement two factor authentication to improve security. Which of the following authentication methods should be deployed to achieve this goal?  

A. PIN 
B. Security question 
C. Smart card 
D. Passphrase 
E. CAPTCHA  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 389

 A security administrator needs to address the following audit recommendations for a public-facing SFTP server: - Users should be restricted to upload and download files to their own home directories only. - Users should not be allowed to use interactive shell login. Which of the following configuration parameters should be implemented? (Select TWO).  

A. PermitTunnel 
B. ChrootDirectory 
C. PermitTTY 
D. AllowTcpForwarding 
E. IgnoreRhosts  

Correct Answer: BC


QUESTION 390

 An organization recently moved its custom web applications to the cloud, and it is obtaining managed services of the back-end environment as part of its subscription. Which of the following types of services is this company now using?  

A. SaaS 
B. CASB 
C. IaaS 
D. PaaS  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 391

 Which of the following is commonly done as part of a vulnerability scan?  

A. Exploiting misconfigured applications 
B. Cracking employee passwords 
C. Sending phishing emails to employees 
D. Identifying unpatched workstations  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 392

 A company is evaluating cloud providers to reduce the cost of its internal IT operations. The company's aging systems are unable to keep up with customer demand. Which of the following cloud models will the company MOST likely select?  

A. PaaS 
B. SaaS 
C. IaaS 
D. BaaS  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 393

 After a security incident, management is meeting with involved employees to document the incident and its aftermath. Which of the following BEST describes this phase of the incident response process?  

A. Lessons learned 
B. Recovery 
C. Identification 
D. Preparation  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 394

 A user needs to send sensitive information to a colleague using PK
I. Which of the following concepts apply when a sender encrypts the message hash with the sender's private key? (Select TWO)  

A. Non-repudiation 
B. Email content encryption 
C. Steganography 
D. Transport security 
E. Message integrity  

Correct Answer: AE


QUESTION 395

 As part of a new BYOD rollout, a security analyst has been asked to find a way to securely store company data on personal devices. Which of the following would BEST help to accomplish this?  

A. Require the use of an eight-character PIN. 
B. Implement containerization of company data. 
C. Require annual AUP sign-off. 
D. Use geofencing tools to unlock devices while on the premises.  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 396

 A web server, which is configured to use TLS with AES-GCM-256, SHA-384, and ECDSA, recently suffered an information loss breach. Which of the following is MOST likely the cause?  

A. Insufficient key bit length 
B. Weak cipher suite 
C. Unauthenticated encryption method 
D. Poor implementation  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 397

 An incident involving a workstation that is potentially infected with a virus has occurred. The workstation may have sent confidential data to an unknown internet server. Which of the following should a security analyst do FIRST?  

A. Make a copy of everything in memory on the workstation. 
B. Turn off the workstation. 
C. Consult information security policy. 
D. Run a virus scan.  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 398

 A vice president at a manufacturing organization is concerned about desktops being connected to the network. Employees need to log onto the desktops' local account to verify that a product is being created within specifications; otherwise, the desktops should be as isolated as possible. Which of the following is the BEST way to accomplish this?  

A. Put the desktops in the DMZ. 
B. Create a separate VLAN for the desktops. 
C. Air gap the desktops. 
D. Join the desktops to an ad-hoc network.  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 399

 An in-house penetration tester has been asked to evade a new DLP system. The tester plans to exfiltrate data through steganography. Discovery of which of the following would help catch the tester in the act?  

A. Abnormally high numbers of outgoing instant messages that contain obfuscated text 
B. Large-capacity USB drives on the tester's desk with encrypted zip files 
C. Outgoing emails containing unusually large image files 
D. Unusual SFTP connections to a consumer IP address  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 400

 A member of the admins group reports being unable to modify the "changes" file on a server. The permissions on the file are as follows: Permissions User Group File -rwxrw-r--+ Admins Admins changes Based on the output above, which of the following BEST explains why the user is unable to modify the "changes" file?  

A. The SELinux mode on the server is set to "enforcing." 
B. The SELinux mode on the server is set to "permissive." 
C. An FACL has been added to the permissions for the file. 
D. The admins group does not have adequate permissions to access the file.  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 401

 A penetration tester is conducting an assessment on Comptia.org and runs the following command from a coffee shop while connected to the public Internet: c:\nslookup -querytype=MX comptia.org Server: Unknown Address: 198.51.100.45 comptia.org MX preference=10, mail exchanger = 92.68.102.33 comptia.org MX preference=20, mail exchanger = exchg1.comptia.org exchg1.comptia.org internet address = 192.168.102.67 Which of the following should the penetration tester conclude about the command output?  

A. The public/private views on the Comptia.org DNS servers are misconfigured. 
B. Comptia.org is running an older mail server, which may be vulnerable to exploits. 
C. The DNS SPF records have not been updated for Comptia.org. 
D. 192.168.102.67 is a backup mail server that may be more vulnerable to attack.  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 402

 A security analyst is inspecting the results of a recent internal vulnerability scan that was performed against intranet services. The scan reports include the following critical-rated vulnerability: Title: Remote Command Execution vulnerability in web server Rating: Critical (CVSS 10.0) Threat actor: any remote user of the web server Confidence: certain Recommendation: apply vendor patches Which of the following actions should the security analyst perform FIRST?  

A. Escalate the issue to senior management. 
B. Apply organizational context to the risk rating. 
C. Organize for urgent out-of-cycle patching. 
D. Exploit the server to check whether it is a false positive.  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 403

 Company A agrees to provide perimeter protection, power, and environmental support with measurable goals for Company B, but will not be responsible for user authentication or patching of operating systems within the perimeter. Which of the following is being described?  

A. Service level agreement 
B. Memorandum of understanding 
C. Business partner agreement 
D. Interoperability agreement  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 404

 A company is deploying smartphones for its mobile salesforce. These devices are for personal and business use but are owned by the company. Sales personnel will save new customer data via a custom application developed for the company. This application will integrate with the contact information stored in the smartphones and will populate new customer records onto it. The customer application's data is encrypted at rest, and the application's connection to the back office system is considered secure. The Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) has concerns that customer contact information may be accidentally leaked due to the limited security capabilities of the devices and the planned controls. Which of the following will be the MOST efficient security control to implement to lower this risk?  

A. Implement a mobile data loss agent on the devices to prevent any user manipulation with the contact information. 
B. Restrict screen capture features on the devices when using the custom application and the contact information. 
C. Restrict contact information storage dataflow so it is only shared with the customer application. 
D. Require complex passwords for authentication when accessing the contact information.  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 405

 The Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) is asking for ways to protect against zero-day exploits. The CISO is concerned that an unrecognized threat could compromise corporate data and result in regulatory fines as well as poor corporate publicity. The network is mostly flat, with split staff/guest wireless functionality. Which of the following equipment MUST be deployed to guard against unknown threats?  

A. Cloud-based antivirus solution, running as local admin, with push technology for definition updates 
B. Implementation of an off-site datacenter hosting all company data, as well as deployment of VDI for all client computing needs 
C. Host-based heuristic IPS, segregated on a management VLAN, with direct control of the perimeter firewall ACLs 
D. Behavior-based IPS with a communication link to a cloud-based vulnerability and threat feed  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 406

 An organization has several production-critical SCADA supervisory systems that cannot follow the normal 30- day patching policy. Which of the following BEST maximizes the protection of these systems from malicious software?  

A. Configure a firewall with deep packet inspection that restricts traffic to the systems. 
B. Configure a separate zone for the systems and restrict access to known ports. 
C. Configure the systems to ensure only necessary applications are able to run. 
D. Configure the host firewall to ensure only the necessary applications have listening ports  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 407

 An organization identifies a number of hosts making outbound connections to a known malicious IP over port TCP 80. The organization wants to identify the data being transmitted and prevent future connections to this IP. Which of the following should the organization do to achieve this outcome?  

A. Use a protocol analyzer to reconstruct the data and implement a web-proxy. 
B. Deploy a web-proxy and then blacklist the IP on the firewall. 
C. Deploy a web-proxy and implement IPS at the network edge. 
D. Use a protocol analyzer to reconstruct the data and blacklist the IP on the firewall.  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 408

 Legal authorities notify a company that its network has been compromised for the second time in two years. The investigation shows the attackers were able to use the same vulnerability on different systems in both attacks. Which of the following would have allowed the security team to use historical information to protect against the second attack?  

A. Key risk indicators 
B. Lessons learned 
C. Recovery point objectives 
D. Tabletop exercise  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 409

 A small company's Chief Executive Officer (CEO) has asked its Chief Security Officer (CSO) to improve the company's security posture quickly with regard to targeted attacks. Which of the following should the CSO conduct FIRST?  

A. Survey threat feeds from services inside the same industry. 
B. Purchase multiple threat feeds to ensure diversity and implement blocks for malicious traffic 
C. Conduct an internal audit against industry best practices to perform a qualitative analysis. 
D. Deploy a UTM solution that receives frequent updates from a trusted industry vendor.  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 410

 During a routine vulnerability assessment, the following command was successful: echo "vrfy 'perl -e 'print "hi" x 500 ' ' " | nc www.company.com 25 Which of the following vulnerabilities is being exploited?  

A. Buffer overflow directed at a specific host MTA 
B. SQL injection directed at a web server 
C. Cross-site scripting directed at www.company.com 
D. Race condition in a UNIX shell script  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 411

 A forensic investigator has run into difficulty recovering usable files from a SAN drive. Which of the following SAN features might have caused the problem?  

A. Storage multipaths 
B. Deduplication 
C. iSCSI initiator encryption 
D. Data snapshots  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 412

 A company offers SaaS, maintaining all customers' credentials and authenticating locally. Many large customers have requested the company offer some form of federation with their existing authentication infrastructures. Which of the following would allow customers to manage authentication and authorizations from within their existing organizations?  

A. Implement SAML so the company's services may accept assertions from the customers' authentication servers. 
B. Provide customers with a constrained interface to manage only their users' accounts in the company's active directory server. 
C. Provide a system for customers to replicate their users' passwords from their authentication service to the company's. 
D. Use SOAP calls to support authentication between the company's product and the customers' authentication servers.  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 413

 A software development manager is taking over an existing software development project. The team currently suffers from poor communication due to a long delay between requirements documentation and feature delivery. This gap is resulting in an above average number of security-related bugs making it into production. Which of the following development methodologies is the team MOST likely using now?  

A. Agile 
B. Waterfall 
C. Scrum 
D. Spiral  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 414

 Following the successful response to a data-leakage incident, the incident team lead facilitates an exercise that focuses on continuous improvement of the organization's incident response capabilities. Which of the following activities has the incident team lead executed?  

A. Lessons learned review 
B. Root cause analysis 
C. Incident audit 
D. Corrective action exercise  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 415

 A security analyst is attempting to break into a client's secure network. The analyst was not given prior information about the client, except for a block of public IP addresses that are currently in use. After network enumeration, the analyst's NEXT step is to perform:  

A. a risk analysis. 
B. a vulnerability assessment. 
C. a gray-box penetration test. 
D. an external security audit. 
E. a red team exercise.  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 416

 A security architect has convened a meeting to discuss an organization's key management policy. The organization has a reliable internal key management system, and some argue that it would be best to manage the cryptographic keys internally as opposed to using a solution from a third party. The company should use:  

A. the current internal key management system. 
B. a third-party key management system that will reduce operating costs. 
C. risk benefits analysis results to make a determination. 
D. a software solution including secure key escrow capabilities.  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 417

 After a recent internal breach, a company decided to regenerate and reissue all certificates used in the transmission of confidential information. The company places the greatest importance on confidentiality and non-repudiation, and decided to generate dual key pairs for each client. Which of the following BEST describes how the company will use these certificates?  

A. One key pair will be used for encryption and decryption. The other will be used to digitally sign the data. 
B. One key pair will be used for encryption. The other key pair will provide extended validation. 
C. Data will be encrypted once by each key, doubling the confidentiality and non-repudiation strength. 
D. One key pair will be used for internal communication, and the other will be used for external communication. 

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 418

 A security manager is creating an account management policy for a global organization with sales personnel who must access corporate network resources while traveling all over the world. Which of the following practices is the security manager MOST likely to enforce with the policy? (Select TWO)  

A. Time-of-day restrictions 
B. Password complexity 
C. Location-based authentication 
D. Group-based access control 
E. Standard naming convention  

Correct Answer: BD


QUESTION 419

 A security administrator learns that PII, which was gathered by the organization, has been found in an open forum. As a result, several C-level executives found their identities were compromised, and they were victims of a recent whaling attack. Which of the following would prevent these problems in the future? (Select TWO).  

A. Implement a reverse proxy. 
B. Implement an email DLP. 
C. Implement a spam filter. 
D. Implement a host-based firewall. 
E. Implement a HIDS.  

Correct Answer: BC


QUESTION 420

 A security engineer is configuring a wireless network with EAP-TLS. Which of the following activities is a requirement for this configuration?  

A. Setting up a TACACS+ server 
B. Configuring federation between authentication servers 
C. Enabling TOTP 
D. Deploying certificates to endpoint devices  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 421

 Ann is the IS manager for several new systems in which the classification of the systems' data are being decided. She is trying to determine the sensitivity level of the data being processed. Which of the following people should she consult to determine the data classification?  

A. Steward 
B. Custodian 
C. User 
D. Owner   

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 422

 A systems administrator wants to generate a self-signed certificate for an internal website. Which of the following steps should the systems administrator complete prior to installing the certificate on the server?  

A. Provide the private key to a public CA. 
B. Provide the public key to the internal CA. 
C. Provide the public key to a public CA. 
D. Provide the private key to the internal CA. 
E. Provide the public/private key pair to the internal CA 
F. Provide the public/private key pair to a public CA.  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 423

 Which of the following controls allows a security guard to perform a post-incident review?  

A. Detective 
B. Preventive 
C. Corrective 
D. Deterrent  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 424

 Attackers have been using revoked certificates for MITM attacks to steal credentials from employees of Company.com. Which of the following options should Company.com implement to mitigate these attacks?  

A. Captive portal 
B. OCSP stapling 
C. Object identifiers 
D. Key escrow 
E. Extended validation certificate  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 425

 After attempting to harden a web server, a security analyst needs to determine if an application remains vulnerable to SQL injection attacks. Which of the following would BEST assist the analyst in making this determination?  

A. tracert 
B. Fuzzer 
C. nslookup 
D. Nmap 
E. netcat  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 426

 A company is allowing a BYOD policy for its staff. Which of the following is a best practice that can decrease the risk of users jailbreaking mobile devices?  

A. Install a corporately monitored mobile antivirus on the devices. 
B. Prevent the installation of applications from a third-party application store. 
C. Build a custom ROM that can prevent jailbreaking. 
D. Require applications to be digitally signed.  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 427

 Which of the following describes the key difference between vishing and phishing attacks?  

A. Phishing is used by attackers to steal a person's identity. 
B. Vishing attacks require some knowledge of the target of attack. 
C. Vishing attacks are accomplished using telephony services. 
D. Phishing is a category of social engineering attack.  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 428

 Which of the following should a security analyst perform FIRST to determine the vulnerabilities of alegacy system?  

A. Passive scan 
B. Aggressive scan 
C. Credentialed scan 
D. Intrusive scan  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 429

 Which of the following components of printers and MFDs are MOST likely to be used as vectors of compromise if they are improperly configured?  

A. Embedded web server 
B. Spooler 
C. Network interface 
D. LCD control panel  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 430

 A hacker has a packet capture that contains:  Which of the following tools will the hacker use against this type of capture?  

A. Password cracker 
B. Vulnerability scanner 
C. DLP scanner 
D. Fuzzer  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 431

 A user downloads and installs an MP3 converter, and runs the application. Upon running the application, the antivirus detects a new port in a listening state. Which of the following has the user MOST likely executed? 

A. RAT 
B. Worm 
C. Ransomware 
D. Bot 

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 432

 An attacker exploited a vulnerability on a mail server using the code below.  Which of the following BEST explains what the attacker is doing?  

A. The attacker is replacing a cookie. 
B. The attacker is stealing a document. 
C. The attacker is replacing a document. 
D. The attacker is deleting a cookie.  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 433

 A security analyst is securing smartphones and laptops for a highly mobile workforce. Priorities include: - Remote wipe capabilities - Geolocation services - Patch management and reporting - Mandatory screen locks - Ability to require passcodes and pins - Ability to require encryption Which of the following would BEST meet these requirements?  

A. Implementing MDM software 
B. Deploying relevant group policies to the devices 
C. Installing full device encryption 
D. Removing administrative rights to the devices  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 434

 A technician receives a device with the following anomalies: Frequent pop-up ads Show response-time switching between active programs Unresponsive peripherals The technician reviews the following log file entries: File Name Source MD5 Target MD5 Status antivirus.exe F794F21CD33E4F57890DDEA5CF267ED2 F794F21CD33E4F57890DDEA5CF267ED2 Automatic iexplore.exe 7FAAF21CD33E4F57890DDEA5CF29CCEA AA87F21CD33E4F57890DDEAEE2197333 Automatic service.exe 77FF390CD33E4F57890DDEA5CF28881F 77FF390CD33E4F57890DDEA5CF28881F Manual USB.exe E289F21CD33E4F57890DDEA5CF28EDC0 E289F21CD33E4F57890DDEA5CF28EDC0 Stopped  Based on the above output, which of the following should be reviewed?  

A. The web application firewall 
B. The file integrity check 
C. The data execution prevention 
D. The removable media control  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 435

 A CSIRT has completed restoration procedures related to a breach of sensitive data is creating documentation used to improve the organization™s security posture. The team has been specifically tasked to address logical controls in their suggestions. Which of the following would be MOST beneficial to include in lessons learned documentation? (Choose two.)   

A. A list of policies, which should be revised to provide better clarity to employees regarding acceptable use 
B. Recommendations relating to improved log correlation and alerting tools 
C. Data from the organization™s IDS/IPS tools, which show the timeline of the breach and the activities executed by the attacker 
D. A list of potential improvements to the organization™s NAC capabilities, which would improve AAA within the environment 
E. A summary of the activities performed during each phase of the incident response activity 
F. A list of topics that should be added to the organization™s security awareness training program based on weaknesses exploited during the attack   

Correct Answer: AF


QUESTION 436

 An organization plans to implement multifactor authentication techniques within the enterprise network architecture. Each authentication factor is expected to be a unique control. Which of the following BEST describes the proper employment of multifactor authentication?   

A. Proximity card, fingerprint scanner, PIN 
B. Fingerprint scanner, voice recognition, proximity card 
C. Smart card, user PKI certificate, privileged user certificate 
D. Voice recognition, smart card, proximity card   

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 437

 Upon entering an incorrect password, the logon screen displays a message informing the user that the password does not match the username provided and is not the required length of 12 characters. Which of the following secure coding techniques should a security analyst address with the application developers to follow security best practices?   

A. Input validation 
B. Error handling 
C. Obfuscation 
D. Data exposure   

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 438

 Which of the following is the BEST reason to run an untested application is a sandbox?   

A. To allow the application to take full advantage of the host system's resources and storage 
B. To utilize the host systems antivirus and firewall applications instead of running it own protection 
C. To prevent the application from acquiring escalated privileges and accessing its host system 
D. To increase application processing speed so the host system can perform real-time logging  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 439

 A security technician has been receiving alerts from several servers that indicate load balancers have had a significant increase in traffic. The technician initiates a system scan. The scan results illustrate that the disk space on several servers has reached capacity. The scan also indicates that incoming internet traffic to the servers has increased. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of the decreased disk space?  

A. Misconfigured devices 
B. Logs and events anomalies 
C. Authentication issues 
D. Unauthorized software  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 440

 A security administrator is diagnosing a server where the CPU utilization is at 100% for 24 hours. The main culprit of CPU utilization is the antivirus program. Which of the following issue could occur if left unresolved? (Select TWO)  

A. MITM attack 
B. DoS attack 
C. DLL injection 
D. Buffer overflow 
E. Resource exhaustion  

Correct Answer: BE


QUESTION 441

 Which of the following is used to validate the integrity of data?  

A. CBC 
B. Blowfish 
C. MD5 
D. RSA  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 442

 A user typically works remotely over the holidays using a web-based VPN to access corporate resources. The user reports getting untrusted host errors and being unable to connect. Which of the following is MOST likely the case?  

A. The certificate has expired 
B. The browser does not support SSL 
C. The user's account is locked out 
D. The VPN software has reached the seat license maximum  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 443

 When it comes to cloud computing, if one of the requirements for a project is to have the most control over the systems in the cloud, which of the following is a service model that would be BEST suited for this goal?  

A. Infrastructure 
B. Platform 
C. Software 
D. Virtualization  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 444

 A security analyst is acquiring data from a potential network incident. Which of the following evidence is the analyst MOST likely to obtain to determine the incident?  

A. Volatile memory capture 
B. Traffic and logs 
C. Screenshots 
D. System image capture  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 445

 A cybersecurity analyst is looking into the payload of a random packet capture file that was selected for analysis. The analyst notices that an internal host had a socket established with another internal host over a non-standard port. Upon investigation, the origin host that initiated the socket shows this output:   Given the above output, which of the following commands would have established the questionable socket?  

A. traceroute 8.8.8.8 
B. ping -1 30 8.8.8.8 -a 600 
C. nc -1 192.168.5.1 -p 9856 
D. pskill pid 9487  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 446

 A security administrator has written a script that will automatically upload binary and text-based configuration files onto a remote server using a scheduled task. The configuration files contain sensitive information. Which of the following should the administrator use? (Select TWO)  

A. TOPT 
B. SCP 
C. FTP over a non-standard pot 
D. SRTP 
E. Certificate-based authentication 
F. SNMPv3  

Correct Answer: CE


QUESTION 447

 A security analyst conducts a manual scan on a known hardened host that identifies many non-compliant items. Which of the following BEST describe why this has occurred? (Select TWO)  

A. Privileged-user certificated were used to scan the host 
B. Non-applicable plugins were selected in the scan policy 
C. The incorrect audit file was used 
D. The output of the report contains false positives 
E. The target host has been compromised  

Correct Answer: BD


QUESTION 448

 Which of the following solutions should an administrator use to reduce the risk from an unknown vulnerability in a third-party software application?  

A. Sandboxing 
B. Encryption 
C. Code signing 
D. Fuzzing  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 449

 A network administrator needs to allocate a new network for the R&D group. The network must not be accessible from the Internet regardless of the network firewall or other external misconfigurations. Which of the following settings should the network administrator implement to accomplish this?  

A. Configure the OS default TTL to 1 
B. Use NAT on the R&D network 
C. Implement a router ACL 
D. Enable protected ports on the switch  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 450

 To help prevent one job role from having sufficient access to create, modify, and approve payroll data, which of the following practices should be employed?  

A. Least privilege 
B. Job rotation 
C. Background checks 
D. Separation of duties  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 451

 When attackers use a compromised host as a platform for launching attacks deeper into a company's network, it is said that they are:  

A. escalating privilege 
B. becoming persistent 
C. fingerprinting 
D. pivoting  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 452

 The help desk received a call after hours from an employee who was attempting to log into the payroll server remotely. When the help desk returned the call the next morning, the employee was able to log into the server remotely without incident. However, the incident occurred again the next evening. Which of the following BEST describes the cause of the issue?  

A. The password expired on the account and needed to be reset 
B. The employee does not have the rights needed to access the database remotely 
C. Time-of-day restrictions prevented the account from logging in 
D. The employee's account was locked out and needed to be unlocked  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 453

 An analyst receives an alert from the SIEM showing an IP address that does not belong to the assigned network can be seen sending packets to the wrong gateway. Which of the following network devices is misconfigured and which of the following should be done to remediate the issue?  

A. Firewall; implement an ACL on the interface 
B. Router; place the correct subnet on the interface 
C. Switch; modify the access port to trunk port 
D. Proxy; add the correct transparent interface  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 454

 A home invasion occurred recently in which an intruder compromised a home network and accessed a WiFI- enabled baby monitor while the baby's parents were sleeping. Which of the following BEST describes how the intruder accessed the monitor?  

A. Outdated antivirus 
B. WiFi signal strength 
C. Social engineering 
D. Default configuration  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 455

 A security engineer must install the same x.509 certificate on three different servers. The client application that connects to the server performs a check to ensure the certificate matches the host name. Which of the following should the security engineer use?  

A. Wildcard certificate 
B. Extended validation certificate 
C. Certificate chaining 
D. Certificate utilizing the SAN file  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 456

 Which of the following refers to the term used to restore a system to its operational state?  

A. MTBF 
B. MTTR 
C. RTO 
D. RPO  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 457

 A Chief Information Officer (CIO) recently saw on the news that a significant security flaws exists with a specific version of a technology the company uses to support many critical application. The CIO wants to know if this reported vulnerability exists in the organization and, if so, to what extent the company could be harmed. Which of the following would BEST provide the needed information?  

A. Penetration test 
B. Vulnerability scan 
C. Active reconnaissance 
D. Patching assessment report  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 458

 An organization is expanding its network team. Currently, it has local accounts on all network devices, but with growth, it wants to move to centrally managed authentication. Which of the following are the BEST solutions for the organization? (Select TWO)  

A. TACACS+ 
B. CHAP 
C. LDAP 
D. RADIUS 
E. MSCHAPv2  

Correct Answer: AD


QUESTION 459

 An active/passive configuration has an impact on: 

A. confidentiality 
B. integrity 
C. availability 
D. non-repudiation 

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 460

 Which of the following would provide additional security by adding another factor to a smart card?  

A. Token 
B. Proximity badge 
C. Physical key 
D. PIN  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 461

 A systems administrator wants to implement a wireless protocol that will allow the organization to authenticate mobile devices prior to providing the user with a captive portal login. Which of the following should the systems administrator configure?  

A. L2TP with MAC filtering 
B. EAP-TTLS 
C. WPA2-CCMP with PSK 
D. RADIUS federation  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 462

 Which of the following uses precomputed hashes to guess passwords?  

A. Iptables 
B. NAT tables 
C. Rainbow tables 
D. ARP tables  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 463

 A Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) has tasked a security analyst with assessing the security posture of an organization and which internal factors would contribute to a security compromise. The analyst performs a walk-through of the organization and discovers there are multiple instances of unlabeled optical media on office desks. Employees in the vicinity either do not claim ownership or disavow any knowledge concerning who owns the media. Which of the following is the MOST immediate action to be taken?  

A. Confiscate the media and dispose of it in a secure manner as per company policy. 
B. Confiscate the media, insert it into a computer, find out what is on the disc, and then label it and return it to where it was found. 
C. Confiscate the media and wait for the owner to claim it. If it is not claimed within one month, shred it. 
D. Confiscate the media, insert it into a computer, make a copy of the disc, and then return the original to where it was found.  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 464

 A company has noticed multiple instances of proprietary information on public websites. It has also observed an increase in the number of email messages sent to random employees containing malicious links and PDFs. Which of the following changes should the company make to reduce the risks associated with phishing attacks? (Select TWO)  

A. Install an additional firewall 
B. Implement a redundant email server 
C. Block access to personal email on corporate systems 
D. Update the X.509 certificates on the corporate email server 
E. Update corporate policy to prohibit access to social media websites 
F. Review access violation on the file server  

Correct Answer: CE


QUESTION 465

 A security analyst is investigating a potential breach. Upon gathering, documenting, and securing the evidence, which of the following actions is the NEXT step to minimize the business impact?  

A. Launch an investigation to identify the attacking host 
B. Initiate the incident response plan 
C. Review lessons learned captured in the process 
D. Remove malware and restore the system to normal operation  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 466

 Joe, a salesman, was assigned to a new project that requires him to travel to a client site. While waiting for a flight, Joe, decides to connect to the airport wireless network without connecting to a VPN, and the sends confidential emails to fellow colleagues. A few days later, the company experiences a data breach. Upon investigation, the company learns Joe's emails were intercepted. Which of the following MOST likely caused the data breach?  

A. Policy violation 
B. Social engineering 
C. Insider threat 
D. Zero-day attack  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 467

 A company is performing an analysis of the corporate enterprise network with the intent of identifying what will cause losses in revenue, referrals, and/or reputation when out of commission. Which of the following is an element of a BIA that is being addressed?  

A. Mission-essential function 
B. Single point of failure 
C. backup and restoration plans 
D. Identification of critical systems  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 468

 A company wants to ensure confidential data from storage media is sanitized in such a way that the drive cannot be reused. Which of the following method should the technician use?  

A. Shredding 
B. Wiping 
C. Low-level formatting 
D. Repartitioning 
E. Overwriting  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 469

 A forensic expert is given a hard drive from a crime scene and is asked to perform an investigation. Which of the following is the FIRST step the forensic expert needs to take the chain of custody?  

A. Make a forensic copy 
B. Create a hash of the hard rive 
C. Recover the hard drive data 
D. Update the evidence log  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 470

 An incident response manager has started to gather all the facts related to a SIEM alert showing multiple systems may have been compromised. The manager has gathered these facts: - The breach is currently indicated on six user PCs - One service account is potentially compromised - Executive management has been notified In which of the following phases of the IRP is the manager currently working?  

A. Recovery 
B. Eradication 
C. Containment 
D. Identification  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 471

 A stock trading company had the budget for enhancing its secondary datacenter approved. Since the main site is a hurricane affected area and the disaster recovery site is 100 mi (161 km) away, the company wants to ensure its business is always operational with the least amount of man hours needed. Which of the following types of disaster recovery sites should the company implement?  

A. Hot site 
B. Warm site 
C. Cold site 
D. Cloud-based site  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 472

 User from two organizations, each with its own PKI, need to begin working together on a joint project. Which of the following would allow the users of the separate PKIs to work together without connection errors?  

A. Trust model 
B. Stapling 
C. Intermediate CA 
D. Key escrow  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 473

 A security analyst is mitigating a pass-the-hash vulnerability on a Windows infrastructure. Given the requirement, which of the following should the security analyst do to MINIMIZE the risk?  

A. Enable CHAP 
B. Disable NTLM 
C. Enable Kerebos 
D. Disable PAP  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 474

 A security analyst is reviewing an assessment report that includes software versions, running services, supported encryption algorithms, and permission settings. Which of the following produced the report?  

A. Vulnerability scanner 
B. Protocol analyzer 
C. Network mapper 
D. Web inspector  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 475

 A Chief Information Officer (CIO) asks the company's security specialist if the company should spend any funds on malware protection for a specific server. Based on a risk assessment, the ARO value of a malware infection for a server is 5 and the annual cost for the malware protection is $2500. Which of the following SLE values warrants a recommendation against purchasing the malware protection?  

A. $500 
B. $1000 
C. $2000 
D. $2500  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 476

 A recent internal audit is forcing a company to review each internal business unit's VMs because the cluster they are installed on is in danger of running out of computer resources. Which of the following vulnerabilities exist?  

A. Buffer overflow 
B. End-of-life systems 
C. System sprawl 
D. Weak configuration  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 477

 A security analyst is attempting to identify vulnerabilities in a customer's web application without impacting the system or its data. Which of the following BEST describes the vulnerability scanning concept performed?  

A. Aggressive scan 
B. Passive scan 
C. Non-credentialed scan 
D. Compliance scan  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 478

 Two users must encrypt and transmit large amounts of data between them. Which of the following should they use to encrypt and transmit the data?  

A. Symmetric algorithm 
B. Hash function 
C. Digital signature 
D. Obfuscation  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 479

 A new Chief Information Officer (CIO) has been reviewing the badging and decides to write a policy that all employees must have their badges rekeyed at least annually. Which of the following controls BEST describes this policy?  

A. Physical 
B. Corrective 
C. Technical 
D. Administrative  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 480

 A software developer is concerned about DLL hijacking in an application being written. Which of the following is the MOST viable mitigation measure of this type of attack?  

A. The DLL of each application should be set individually 
B. All calls to different DLLs should be hard-coded in the application 
C. Access to DLLs from the Windows registry should be disabled 
D. The affected DLLs should be renamed to avoid future hijacking  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 481

 An application was recently compromised after some malformed data came in via web form. Which of the following would MOST likely have prevented this?  

A. Input validation 
B. Proxy server 
C. Stress testing 
D. Encoding  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 482

 While working on an incident, Joe, a technician, finished restoring the OS and applications on a workstation from the original media. Joe is about to begin copying the user's files back onto the hard drive. Which of the following incident response steps is Joe working on now?  

A. Recovery 
B. Eradication 
C. Containment 
D. Identification  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 483

 A systems administrator found a suspicious file in the root of the file system. The file contains URLs, usernames, passwords, and text from other documents being edited on the system. Which of the following types of malware would generate such a file?  

A. Keylogger 
B. Rootkit 
C. Bot 
D. RAT  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 484

 A computer emergency response team is called at midnight to investigate a case in which a mail server was restarted. After an initial investigation, it was discovered that email is being exfiltrated through an active connection. Which of the following is the NEXT step the team should take?  

A. Identify the source of the active connection 
B. Perform eradication of active connection and recover 
C. Performance containment procedure by disconnecting the server 
D. Format the server and restore its initial configuration  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 485

 A remote intruder wants to take inventory of a network so exploits can be researched. The intruder is looking for information about software versions on the network. Which of the following techniques is the intruder using?  

A. Banner grabbing 
B. Port scanning 
C. Packet sniffing 
D. Virus scanning  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 486

 A security technician is configuring an access management system to track and record user actions. Which of the following functions should the technician configure?  

A. Accounting 
B. Authorization 
C. Authentication 
D. Identification  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 487

 A security administrator installed a new network scanner that identifies new host systems on the network. Which of the following did the security administrator install?  

A. Vulnerability scanner 
B. Network-based IDS 
C. Rogue system detection 
D. Configuration compliance scanner  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 488

 A Chief Information Officer (CIO) has decided it is not cost effective to implement safeguards against a known vulnerability. Which of the following risk responses does this BEST describe?   

A. Transference 
B. Avoidance 
C. Mitigation 
D. Acceptance  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 489

 A technician is investigating a potentially compromised device with the following symptoms: - Browser slowness - Frequent browser crashes - Hourglass stuck - New search toolbar - Increased memory consumption Which of the following types of malware has infected the system?  

A. Man-in-the-browser 
B. Spoofer 
C. Spyware 
D. Adware  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 490

 A penetration tester has written an application that performs a bit-by-bit XOR 0xFF operation on binaries prior to transmission over untrusted media. Which of the following BEST describes the action performed by this type of application?  

A. Hashing 
B. Key exchange 
C. Encryption 
D. Obfusication  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 491

 An audit reported has identifies a weakness that could allow unauthorized personnel access to the facility at its main entrance and from there gain access to the network. Which of the following would BEST resolve the vulnerability?  

A. Faraday cage 
B. Air gap 
C. Mantrap 
D. Bollards  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 492

 When attempting to secure a mobile workstation, which of the following authentication technologies rely on the user's physical characteristics? (Select TWO)  

A. MAC address table 
B. Retina scan 
C. Fingerprint scan 
D. Two-factor authentication 
E. CAPTCHA 
F. Password string  

Correct Answer: BC


QUESTION 493

 Systems administrator and key support staff come together to simulate a hypothetical interruption of service. The team updates the disaster recovery processes and documentation after meeting. Which of the following describes the team's efforts?  

A. Business impact analysis 
B. Continuity of operation 
C. Tabletop exercise 
D. Order of restoration  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 494

 A company has two wireless networks utilizing captive portals. Some employees report getting a trust error in their browsers when connecting to one of the networks. Both captive portals are using the same server certificate for authentication, but the analyst notices the following differences between the two certificate details:  Certificate 1 Certificate Path: Geotrust Global CA Certificate 2 Certificate Path:  Which of the following would resolve the problem?  

A. Use a wildcard certificate. 
B. Use certificate chaining. 
C. Use a trust model. 
D. Use an extended validation certificate.  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 495

 Company A has acquired Company B. Company A has different domains spread globally, and typically migrates its acquisitions infrastructure under its own domain infrastructure. Company B, however, cannot be merged into Company A's domain infrastructure. Which of the following methods would allow the two companies to access one another's resources?  

A. Attestation 
B. Federation 
C. Single sign-on 
D. Kerberos  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 496

 A technician is configuring a load balancer for the application team to accelerate the network performance of their applications. The applications are hosted on multiple servers and must be redundant. Given this scenario, which of the following would be the BEST method of configuring the load balancer?  

A. Round-robin 
B. Weighted 
C. Least connection 
D. Locality-based  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 497

 An organization's employees currently use three different sets of credentials to access multiple internal resources. Management wants to make this process less complex. Which of the following would be the BEST option to meet this goal?  

A. Transitive trust 
B. Single sign-on 
C. Federation 
D. Secure token  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 498

 An external attacker can modify the ARP cache of an internal computer. Which of the following types of attacks is described?  

A. Replay 
B. Spoofing 
C. DNS poisoning 
D. Client-side attack  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 499

 A systems administrator has isolated an infected system from the network and terminated the malicious process from executing. Which of the following should the administrator do NEXT according to the incident response process?  

A. Restore lost data from a backup. 
B. Wipe the system. 
C. Document the lessons learned. 
D. Determine the scope of impact.  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 500

 A new security administrator ran a vulnerability scanner for the first time and caused a system outage. Which of the following types of scans MOST likely caused the outage?  

A. Non-intrusive credentialed scan 
B. Non-intrusive non-credentialed scan 
C. Intrusive credentialed scan 
D. Intrusive non-credentialed scan  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 501

 A security analyst is hardening a WiFi infrastructure. The primary requirements are the following: - The infrastructure must allow staff to authenticate using the most secure method. - The infrastructure must allow guests to use an "open" WiFi network that logs valid email addresses before granting access to the Internet. Given these requirements, which of the following statements BEST represents what the analyst should recommend and configure?  

A. Configure a captive portal for guests and WPS for staff. 
B. Configure a captive portal for staff and WPA for guests. 
C. Configure a captive portal for staff and WEP for guests. 
D. Configure a captive portal for guest and WPA2 Enterprise for staff  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 502

 A security administrator is trying to eradicate a worm, which is spreading throughout the organization, using an old remote vulnerability in the SMB protocol. The worm uses Nmap to identify target hosts within the company. The administrator wants to implement a solution that will eradicate the current worm and any future attacks that may be using zero-day vulnerabilities. Which of the following would BEST meet the requirements when implemented?  

A. Host-based firewall 
B. Enterprise patch management system 
C. Network-based intrusion prevention system 
D. Application blacklisting 
E. File integrity checking  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 503

 Which of the following is a deployment concept that can be used to ensure only the required OS access is exposed to software applications?  

A. Staging environment 
B. Sandboxing 
C. Secure baseline 
D. Trusted OS  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 504

 A procedure differs from a policy in that it: 

A. is a high-level statement regarding the company's position on a topic. 
B. sets a minimum expected baseline of behavior. 
C. provides step-by-step instructions for performing a task. 
D. describes adverse actions when violations occur. 

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 505

 Ann, a user, reports she is unable to access an application from her desktop. A security analyst verifies Ann's access and checks the SIEM for any errors. The security analyst reviews the log file from Ann's system and notices the following output:  Which of the following is MOST likely preventing Ann from accessing the application from the desktop? 

A. Web application firewall 
B. DLP 
C. Host-based firewall 
D. UTM 
E. Network-based firewall 

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 506

 Which of the following types of penetration test will allow the tester to have access only to password hashes prior to the penetration test? 

A. Black box 
B. Gray box 
C. Credentialed 
D. White box 

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 507

 Which of the following threats has sufficient knowledge to cause the MOST danger to an organization?  

A. Competitors 
B. Insiders 
C. Hacktivists 
D. Script kiddies  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 508

 While troubleshooting a client application connecting to the network, the security administrator notices the following error: Certificate is not valid. Which of the following is the BEST way to check if the digital certificate is valid?  

A. PKI 
B. CRL 
C. CSR 
D. IPSec  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 509

 A business sector is highly competitive, and safeguarding trade secrets and critical information is paramount. On a seasonal basis, an organization employs temporary hires and contractor personnel to accomplish its mission objectives. The temporary and contract personnel require access to network resources only when on the clock. Which of the following account management practices are the BEST ways to manage these accounts?   

A. Employ time-of-day restrictions. 
B. Employ password complexity. 
C. Employ a random key generator strategy. 
D. Employ an account expiration strategy. 
E. Employ a password lockout policy  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 510

 Which of the following locations contain the MOST volatile data?  

A. SSD 
B. Paging file 
C. RAM 
D. Cache memory  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 511

 Ann, a customer, is reporting that several important files are missing from her workstation. She recently received communication from an unknown party who is requesting funds to restore the files. Which of the following attacks has occurred?  

A. Ransomware 
B. Keylogger 
C. Buffer overflow 
D. Rootkit 

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 512

 Every morning, a systems administrator monitors failed login attempts on the company's log management server. The administrator notices the DBAdmin account has five failed username and/or password alerts during a ten-minute window. The systems administrator determines the user account is a dummy account used to attract attackers. Which of the following techniques should the systems administrator implement?  

A. Role-based access control 
B. Honeypot 
C. Rule-based access control 
D. Password cracker  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 513

 Joe, a user, has been trying to send Ann, a different user, an encrypted document via email. Ann has not received the attachment but is able to receive the header information. Which of the following is MOST likely preventing Ann from receiving the encrypted file?  

A. Unencrypted credentials 
B. Authentication issues 
C. Weak cipher suite 
D. Permission issues 

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 514

 A systems administrator is configuring a system that uses data classification labels. Which of the following will the administrator need to implement to enforce access control?  

A. Discretionary access control 
B. Mandatory access control 
C. Role-based access control 
D. Rule-based access control  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 515

 An analyst is using a vulnerability scanner to look for common security misconfigurations on devices. Which of the following might be identified by the scanner? (Select TWO).  

A. The firewall is disabled on workstations. 
B. SSH is enabled on servers. 
C. Browser homepages have not been customized. 
D. Default administrator credentials exist on networking hardware. 
E. The OS is only set to check for updates once a day.  

Correct Answer: AB


QUESTION 516

 A security analyst is reviewing patches on servers. One of the servers is reporting the following error message in the WSUS management console: The computer has not reported status in 30 days. Given this scenario, which of the following statements BEST represents the issue with the output above?  

A. The computer in question has not pulled the latest ACL policies for the firewall. 
B. The computer in question has not pulled the latest GPO policies from the management server. 
C. The computer in question has not pulled the latest antivirus definitions from the antivirus program. 
D. The computer in question has not pulled the latest application software updates.  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 517

 A security administrator is reviewing the following PowerShell script referenced in the Task Scheduler on a database server:  Which of the following did the security administrator discover?  

A. Ransomeware 
B. Backdoor 
C. Logic bomb 
D. Trojan  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 518

 A bank is experiencing a DoS attack against an application designed to handle 500 IP-based sessions. in addition, the perimeter router can only handle 1Gbps of traffic. Which of the following should be implemented to prevent a DoS attacks in the future?  

A. Deploy multiple web servers and implement a load balancer 
B. Increase the capacity of the perimeter router to 10 Gbps 
C. Install a firewall at the network to prevent all attacks 
D. Use redundancy across all network devices and services  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 519

 A malicious system continuously sends an extremely large number of SYN packets to a server. Which of the following BEST describes the resulting effect?  

A. The server will be unable to server clients due to lack of bandwidth 
B. The server's firewall will be unable to effectively filter traffic due to the amount of data transmitted 
C. The server will crash when trying to reassemble all the fragmented packets 
D. The server will exhaust its memory maintaining half-open connections  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 520

 A systems administrator is deploying a new mission essential server into a virtual environment. Which of the following is BEST mitigated by the environment's rapid elasticity characteristic?  

A. Data confidentiality breaches 
B. VM escape attacks 
C. Lack of redundancy 
D. Denial of service  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 521

 Which of the following is the proper order for logging a user into a system from the first step to the last step?  

A. Identification, authentication, authorization 
B. Identification, authorization, authentication 
C. Authentication, identification, authorization 
D. Authentication, identification, authorization 
E. Authorization, identification, authentication  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 522

 A company stores highly sensitive data files used by the accounting system on a server file share. The accounting system uses a service account named accounting-svc to access the file share. The data is protected will a full disk encryption, and the permissions are set as follows:  File system permissions: Users = Read Only Share permission: accounting-svc = Read Only  Given the listed protections are in place and unchanged, to which of the following risks is the data still subject?  

A. Exploitation of local console access and removal of data 
B. Theft of physical hard drives and a breach of confidentiality 
C. Remote exfiltration of data using domain credentials 
D. Disclosure of sensitive data to third parties due to excessive share permissions  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 523

 A bank uses a wireless network to transmit credit card purchases to a billing system. Which of the following would be MOST appropriate to protect credit card information from being accessed by unauthorized individuals outside of the premises?  

A. Air gap 
B. Infrared detection 
C. Faraday cage 
D. Protected distributions  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 524

 A help desk technician receives a phone call from an individual claiming to be an employee of the organization and requesting assistance to access a locked account. The help desk technician asks the individual to provide proof of identity before access can be granted. Which of the following types of attack is the caller performing?  

A. Phishing 
B. Shoulder surfing 
C. Impersonation 
D. Dumpster diving  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 525

 Confidential emails from an organization were posted to a website without the organization's knowledge. Upon investigation, it was determined that the emails were obtained from an internal actor who sniffed the emails in plain text. Which of the following protocols, if properly implemented, would have MOST likely prevented the emails from being sniffed? (Select TWO)  

A. Secure IMAP 
B. DNSSEC 
C. S/MIME 
D. SMTPS 
E. HTTPS 

Correct Answer: CD


QUESTION 526

 A company wants to implement an access management solution that allows employees to use the same usernames and passwords for multiple applications without having to keep multiple credentials synchronized. Which of the following solutions would BEST meet these requirements?  

A. Multifactor authentication 
B. SSO 
C. Biometrics 
D. PKI 
E. Federation  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 527

 An external auditor visits the human resources department and performs a physical security assessment. The auditor observed documents on printers that are unclaimed. A closer look at these documents reveals employee names, addresses, ages, and types of medical and dental coverage options each employee has selected. Which of the following is the MOST appropriate actions to take?  

A. Flip the documents face down so no one knows these documents are PII sensitive 
B. Shred the documents and let the owner print the new set 
C. Retrieve the documents, label them with a PII cover sheet, and return them to the printer 
D. Report to the human resources manager that their personnel are violating a privacy policy  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 528

 Which of the following authentication concepts is a gait analysis MOST closely associated?   

A. Somewhere you are 
B. Something you are 
C. Something you do 
D. Something you know  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 529

 Which of the following metrics are used to calculate the SLE? (Select TWO)  

A. ROI 
B. ARO 
C. ALE 
D. MTBF 
E. MTTF 
F. TCO  

Correct Answer: BC


QUESTION 530

 Due to regulatory requirements, server in a global organization must use time synchronization. Which of the following represents the MOST secure method of time synchronization?  

A. The server should connect to external Stratum 0 NTP servers for synchronization 
B. The server should connect to internal Stratum 0 NTP servers for synchronization 
C. The server should connect to external Stratum 1 NTP servers for synchronization 
D. The server should connect to external Stratum 1 NTP servers for synchronization  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 531

 When sending messages using symmetric encryption, which of the following must happen FIRST?  

A. Exchange encryption key 
B. Establish digital signatures 
C. Agree on an encryption method 
D. Install digital certificates  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 532

 Which of the following scenarios BEST describes an implementation of non-repudiation?  

A. A user logs into a domain workstation and access network file shares for another department 
B. A user remotely logs into the mail server with another user's credentials 
C. A user sends a digitally signed email to the entire finance department about an upcoming meeting 
D. A user access the workstation registry to make unauthorized changes to enable functionality within an application  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 533

 An office manager found a folder that included documents with various types of data relating to corporate clients. The office manager notified the data included dates of birth, addresses, and phone numbers for the clients. The office manager then reported this finding to the security compliance officer. Which of the following portions of the policy would the security officer need to consult to determine if a breach has occurred?  

A. Public 
B. Private 
C. PHI 
D. PII  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 534

 Which of the following is an asymmetric function that generates a new and separate key every time it runs?  

A. RSA 
B. DSA 
C. DHE 
D. HMAC 
E. PBKDF2  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 535

 Which of the following would be considered multifactor authentication?  

A. Hardware token and smart card 
B. Voice recognition and retina scan 
C. Strong password and fingerprint 
D. PIN and security questions  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 536

 A user receives an email from ISP indicating malicious traffic coming from the user's home network is detected. The traffic appears to be Linux-based, and it is targeting a website that was recently featured on the news as being taken offline by an Internet attack. The only Linux device on the network is a home surveillance camera system. Which of the following BEST describes what is happening?  

A. The camera system is infected with a bot. 
B. The camera system is infected with a RAT. 
C. The camera system is infected with a Trojan. 
D. The camera system is infected with a backdoor.  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 537

 A security auditor is testing perimeter security in a building that is protected by badge readers. Which of the following types of attacks would MOST likely gain access?  

A. Phishing 
B. Man-in-the-middle 
C. Tailgating 
D. Watering hole 
E. Shoulder surfing  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 538

 An organization wants to upgrade its enterprise-wide desktop computer solution. The organization currently has 500 PCs active on the network. the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) suggests that the organization employ desktop imaging technology for such a large scale upgrade. Which of the following is a security benefit of implementing an imaging solution?   

A. it allows for faster deployment 
B. it provides a consistent baseline 
C. It reduces the number of vulnerabilities 
D. It decreases the boot time  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 539

 An organization has implemented an IPSec VPN access for remote users. Which of the following IPSec modes would be the MOST secure for this organization to implement?  

A. Tunnel mode 
B. Transport mode 
C. AH-only mode 
D. ESP-only mode  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 540

 Several workstations on a network are found to be on OS versions that are vulnerable to a specific attack. Which of the following is considered to be a corrective action to combat this vulnerability?  

A. Install an antivirus definition patch 
B. Educate the workstation users 
C. Leverage server isolation 
D. Install a vendor-supplied patch 
E. Install an intrusion detection system  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 541

 A security administrator suspects that a DDoS attack is affecting the DNS server. The administrator accesses a workstation with the hostname of workstation01 on the network and obtains the following output from the ipconfig command:  The administrator successfully pings the DNS server from the workstation. Which of the following commands should be issued from the workstation to verify the DDoS attack is no longer occuring?  

A. dig www.google.com 
B. dig 192.168.1.254 
C. dig workstation01.com 
D. dig 192.168.1.26  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 542

 A security administrator has configured a RADIUS and a TACACS+ server on the company™s network. Network devices will be required to connect to the TACACS+ server for authentication and send accounting information to the RADIUS server. Given the following information: RADIUS IP: 192.168.20.45 TACACS+ IP: 10.23.65.7 Which of the following should be configured on the network clients? (Select two.)  

A. Accounting port: TCP 389 
B. Accounting port: UDP 1812 
C. Accounting port: UDP 1813 
D. Authentication port: TCP 49 
E. Authentication port: TCP 88 
F. Authentication port: UDP 636  

Correct Answer: CD


QUESTION 543

 A number of employees report that parts of an ERP application are not working. The systems administrator reviews the following information from one of the employee workstations: Execute permission denied: financemodule.dll Execute permission denied: generalledger.dll Which of the following should the administrator implement to BEST resolve this issue while minimizing risk and attack exposure?  

A. Update the application blacklist 
B. Verify the DLL™s file integrity 
C. Whitelist the affected libraries 
D. Place the affected employees in the local administrator™s group  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 544

 A security analyst receives a notification from the IDS after working hours, indicating a spike in network traffic. Which of the following BEST describes this type of IDS?  

A. Anomaly-based 
B. Stateful 
C. Host-based 
D. Signature-based  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 545

 An instructor is teaching a hands-on wireless security class and needs to configure a test access point to show students an attack on a weak protocol. Which of the following configurations should the instructor implement?  

A. WPA2 
B. WPA 
C. EAP 
D. WEP  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 546

 A security analyst is hardening a large-scale wireless network. The primary requirements are the following: Must use authentication through EAP-TLS certificates Must use an AAA server Must use the most secure encryption protocol Given these requirements, which of the following should the analyst implement and recommend? (Select TWO.)  

A. 802.1X 
B. 802.3 
C. LDAP 
D. TKIP 
E. CCMP 
F. WPA2-PSK  

Correct Answer: AF


QUESTION 547

 A company recently experienced data exfiltration via the corporate network. In response to the breach, a security analyst recommends deploying an out-of-band IDS solution. The analyst says the solution can be implemented without purchasing any additional network hardware. Which of the following solutions will be used to deploy the IDS?  

A. Network tap 
B. Network proxy 
C. Honeypot 
D. Port mirroring  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 548

 An organization wants to implement a solution that allows for automated logical controls for network defense. An engineer plans to select an appropriate network security component, which automates response actions based on security threats to the network. Which of the following would be MOST appropriate based on the engineer™s requirements?  

A. NIPS 
B. HIDS 
C. Web proxy 
D. Elastic load balancer 
E. NAC  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 549

 A highly complex password policy has made it nearly impossible to crack account passwords. Which of the following might a hacker still be able to perform?  

A. Pass-the-hash attack 
B. ARP poisoning attack 
C. Birthday attack 
D. Brute force attack  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 550

 Which of the following is the main difference an XSS vulnerability and a CSRF vulnerability?  

A. XSS needs the attacker to be authenticated to the trusted server. 
B. XSS does not need the victim to be authenticated to the trusted server. 
C. CSRF needs the victim to be authenticated to the trusted server. 
D. CSRF does not need the victim to be authenticated to the trusted server. 
E. CSRF does not need the attacker to be authenticated to the trusted server.  

Correct Answer: BC


QUESTION 551

 A group of developers is collaborating to write software for a company. The developers need to work in subgroups and control who has access to their modules. Which of the following access control methods is considered user-centric?  

A. Time-based 
B. Mandatory 
C. Rule-based 
D. Discretionary  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 552

 Which of the following methods minimizes the system interaction when gathering information to conduct a vulnerability assessment of a router? 

A. Download the configuration 
B. Run a credentialed scan. 
C. Conduct the assessmenet during downtime 
D. Change the routing to bypass the router. 

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 553

 Which of the following BEST explains why sandboxing is a best practice for testing software from an untrusted vendor prior to an enterprise deployment?  

A. It allows the software to run in an unconstrained environment with full network access. 
B. It eliminates the possibility of privilege escalation attacks against the local VM host. 
C. It facilitates the analysis of possible malware by allowing it to run until resources are exhausted. 
D. It restricts the access of the software to a contained logical space and limits possible damage.  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 554

 A small- to medium-sized company wants to block the use of USB devices on its network. Which of the following is the MOST cost-effective way for the security analyst to prevent this?  

A. Implement a DLP system 
B. Apply a GPO 
C. Conduct user awareness training 
D. Enforce the AUP.  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 555

 Which of the following is the BEST way for home users to mitigate vulnerabilities associated with IoT devices on their home networks?  

A. Power off the devices when they are not in use, 
B. Prevent IoT devices from contacting the Internet directly. 
C. Apply firmware and software updates upon availability. 
D. Deploy a bastion host on the home network.  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 556

 Corporations choose to exceed regulatory framework standards because of which of the following incentives?  

A. It improves the legal defensibility of the company. 
B. It gives a social defense that the company is not violating customer privacy laws. 
C. It proves to investors that the company takes APT cyber actors seriously 
D. It results in overall industrial security standards being raised voluntarily.  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 557

 A security administrator is implementing a new WAF solution and has placed some of the web servers behind the WAF, with the WAF set to audit mode. When reviewing the audit logs of external requests and posts to the web servers, the administrator finds the following entry:  Based on this data, which of the following actions should the administrator take?  

A. Alert the web server administrators to a misconfiguration. 
B. Create a blocking policy based on the parameter values. 
C. Change the parameter name ‚Account_Name™ identified in the log. 
D. Create an alert to generate emails for abnormally high activity.  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 558

 A call center company wants to implement a domain policy primarily for its shift workers. The call center has large groups with different user roles. Management wants to monitor group performance. Which of the following is the BEST solution for the company to implement?  

A. Reduced failed logon attempts 
B. Mandatory password changes 
C. Increased account lockout time 
D. Time-of-day restrictions  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 559

 A buffer overflow can result in:  

A. loss of data caused by unauthorized command execution. 
B. privilege escalation caused by TPN override. 
C. reduced key strength due to salt manipulation. 
D. repeated use of one-time keys.  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 560

 Users are attempting to access a company™s website but are transparently redirected to another websites. The users confirm the URL is correct. Which of the following would BEST prevent this issue in the futue?  

A. DNSSEC 
B. HTTPS 
C. IPSec 
D. TLS/SSL  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 561

 Which of the following is a compensating control that will BEST reduce the risk of weak passwords?  

A. Requiring the use of one-time tokens 
B. Increasing password history retention count 
C. Disabling user accounts after exceeding maximum attempts 
D. Setting expiration of user passwords to a shorter time  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 562

 A consumer purchases an exploit from the dark web. The exploit targets the online shopping cart of a popular website, allowing the shopper to modify the price of an item as checkout. Which of the following BEST describes this type of user?  

A. Insider 
B. Script kiddie 
C. Competitor 
D. Hacktivist 
E. APT  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 566

 Joe, a backup administrator, wants to implement a solution that will reduce the restoration time of physical servers. Which of the following is the BEST method for Joe to use?  

A. Differential 
B. Incremental 
C. Full 
D. Snapshots  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 567

 Which of the following development models entails several iterative and incremental software development methodologies such as Scrum?  

A. Spiral 
B. Waterfall 
C. Agile 
D. Rapid  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 568

 Which of the following are used to substantially increase the computation time required to crack a password? (Choose two.)  

A. BCRYPT 
B. Substitution cipher 
C. ECDHE 
D. PBKDF2 
E. Diffie-Hellman  

Correct Answer: AD


QUESTION 569

 Which of the following describes the maximum amount of time a mission essential function can operate without the systems it depends on before significantly impacting the organization?  

A. MTBF 
B. MTTR 
C. RTO 
D. RPO  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 570

 A network administrator is brute forcing accounts through a web interface. Which of the following would provide the BEST defense from an account password being discovered?  

A. Password history 
B. Account lockout 
C. Account expiration 
D. Password complexity  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 571

 A security engineer wants to add SSL to the public web server. Which of the following would be the FIRST step to implement the SSL certificate?  

A. Download the web certificate 
B. Install the intermediate certificate 
C. Generate a CSR 
D. Encrypt the private key  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 572

 Which of the following is a major difference between XSS attacks and remote code exploits?  

A. XSS attacks use machine language, while remote exploits use interpreted language 
B. XSS attacks target servers, while remote code exploits target clients 
C. Remote code exploits aim to escalate attackers™ privileges, while XSS attacks aim to gain access only 
D. Remote code exploits allow writing code at the client side and executing it, while XSS attacks require no code to work  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 573

 An employee workstation with an IP address of 204.211.38.211/24 reports it is unable to submit print jobs to a network printer at 204.211.38.52/24 after a firewall upgrade. The active firewall rules are as follows:  Assuming port numbers have not been changed from their defaults, which of the following should be modified to allow printing to the network printer?  

A. The permit statement for 204.211.38.52/24 should be changed to TCP port 631 instead of UDP 
B. The deny statement for 204.211.38.52/24 should be changed to a permit statement 
C. The permit statement for 204.211.38.52/24 should be changed to UDP port 443 instead of 631 
D. The permit statement for 204.211.38.211/24 should be changed to TCP port 631 only instead of ALL  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 574

 A security analyst is doing a vulnerability assessment on a database server. A scanning tool returns the following information:  There have been several security breaches on the web server that accesses this database. The security team is instructed to mitigate the impact of any possible breaches. The security team is also instructed to improve the security on this database by making it less vulnerable to offline attacks. Which of the following would BEST accomplish these goals? (Choose two.)  

A. Start using salts to generate MD5 password hashes 
B. Generate password hashes using SHA-256 
C. Force users to change passwords the next time they log on 
D. Limit users to five attempted logons before they are locked out 
E. Require the web server to only use TLS 1.2 encryption  

Correct Answer: AC


QUESTION 575

 A systems administrator has implemented multiple websites using host headers on the same server. The server hosts two websites that require encryption and other websites where encryption is optional. Which of the following should the administrator implement to encrypt web traffic for the required websites?  

A. Extended domain validation 
B. TLS host certificate 
C. OCSP stapling 
D. Wildcard certificate  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 576

 Which of the following are considered among the BEST indicators that a received message is a hoax? (Choose two.)  

A. Minimal use of uppercase letters in the message 
B. Warnings of monetary loss to the receiver 
C. No valid digital signature from a known security organization 
D. Claims of possible damage to computer hardware 
E. Embedded URLs  

Correct Answer: CE


QUESTION 577

 Management wishes to add another authentication factor in addition to fingerprints and passwords in order to have three-factor authentication. Which of the following would BEST satisfy this request?  

A. Retinal scan 
B. Passphrase 
C. Token fob 
D. Security question  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 578

 During a lessons learned meeting regarding a previous incident, the security team receives a follow-up action item with the following requirements: - Allow authentication from within the United States anytime - Allow authentication if the user is accessing email or a shared file system - Do not allow authentication if the AV program is two days out of date - Do not allow authentication if the location of the device is in two specific countries Given the requirements, which of the following mobile deployment authentication types is being utilized?  

A. Geofencing authentication 
B. Two-factor authentication 
C. Context-aware authentication 
D. Biometric authentication  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 579

 A network administrator is creating a new network for an office. For security purposes, each department should have its resources isolated from every other department but be able to communicate back to central servers. Which of the following architecture concepts would BEST accomplish this?  

A. Air gapped network 
B. Load balanced network 
C. Network address translation 
D. Network segmentation  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 580

 A customer calls a technician and needs to remotely connect to a web server to change some code manually. The technician needs to configure the user™s machine with protocols to connect to the Unix web server, which is behind a firewall. Which of the following protocols does the technician MOST likely need to configure?  

A. SSH 
B. SFTP 
C. HTTPS 
D. SNMP  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 581

 A security analyst is assessing a small company™s internal servers against recommended security practices. Which of the following should the analyst do to conduct the assessment? (Choose two.)  

A. Compare configurations against platform benchmarks 
B. Confirm adherence to the company™s industry-specific regulations 
C. Review the company™s current security baseline 
D. Verify alignment with policy related to regulatory compliance 
E. Run an exploitation framework to confirm vulnerabilities  

Correct Answer: CE


QUESTION 582

 Joe recently assumed the role of data custodian for this organization. While cleaning out an unused storage safe, he discovers several hard drives that are labeled ﬁunclassifiedﬂ and awaiting destruction. The hard drives are obsolete and cannot be installed in any of his current computing equipment. Which of the following is the BEST method for disposing of the hard drives?  

A. Burning 
B. Wiping 
C. Purging 
D. Pulverizing  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 583

 A security administrator is reviewing the following firewall configuration after receiving reports that users are unable to connect to remote websites:  Which of the following is the MOST secure solution the security administrator can implement to fix this issue?  

A. Add the following rule to the firewall: 5 PERMIT FROM:ANY TO:ANY PORT:53 
B. Replace rule number 10 with the following rule: 10 PERMIT FROM:ANY TO:ANY PORT:22 
C. Insert the following rule in the firewall: 25 PERMIT FROM:ANY TO:ANY PORTS:ANY 
D. Remove the following rule from the firewall: 30 DENY FROM:ANY TO:ANY PORT:ANY  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 584

 Students at a residence hall are reporting Internet connectivity issues. The university™s network administrator configured the residence hall™s network to provide public IP addresses to all connected devices, but many student devices are receiving private IP addresses due to rogue devices. The network administrator verifies the residence hall™s network is correctly configured and contacts the security administrator for help. Which of the following configurations should the security administrator suggest for implementation?  

A. Router ACLs 
B. BPDU guard 
C. Flood guard 
D. DHCP snooping  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 585

 Which of the following is a technical preventive control?  

A. Two-factor authentication 
B. DVR-supported cameras 
C. Acceptable-use MOTD 
D. Syslog server  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 586

 A security administrator is performing a risk assessment on a legacy WAP with a WEP-enabled wireless infrastructure. Which of the following should be implemented to harden the infrastructure without upgrading the WAP?  

A. Implement WPA and TKIP 
B. Implement WPS and an eight-digit pin 
C. Implement WEP and RC4 
D. Implement WPA2 Enterprise  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 587

 A systems administrator is installing a new server in a large datacenter. Which of the following BEST describes the importance of properly positioning servers in the rack to maintain availability?  

A. To allow for visibility of the servers™ status indicators 
B. To adhere to cable management standards 
C. To maximize the fire suppression system™s efficiency 
D. To provide consistent air flow  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 588

 A Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) asks the security architect to design a method for contractors to access the company™s internal network securely without allowing access to systems beyond the scope of their project. Which of the following methods would BEST fit the needs of the CISO?  

A. VPN 
B. PaaS 
C. IaaS 
D. VDI  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 589

 To get the most accurate results on the security posture of a system, which of the following actions should the security analyst do prior to scanning?  

A. Log all users out of the system 
B. Patch the scanner 
C. Reboot the target host 
D. Update the web plugins  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 590

 While investigating a virus infection, a security analyst discovered the following on an employee laptop: - Multiple folders containing a large number of newly released movies and music files - Proprietary company data - A large amount of PHI data - Unapproved FTP software - Documents that appear to belong to a competitor Which of the following should the analyst do FIRST?  

A. Contact the legal and compliance department for guidance 
B. Delete the files, remove the FTP software, and notify management 
C. Back up the files and return the device to the user 
D. Wipe and reimage the device  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 591

 Which of the following penetration testing concepts is an attacker MOST interested in when placing the path of a malicious file in the Windows/CurrentVersion/Run registry key?  

A. Persistence 
B. Pivoting 
C. Active reconnaissance 
D. Escalation of privilege  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 592

 An organization has an account management policy that defines parameters around each type of account. The policy specifies different security attributes, such as longevity, usage auditing, password complexity, and identity proofing. The goal of the account management policy is to ensure the highest level of security while providing the greatest availability without compromising data integrity for users. Which of the following account types should the policy specify for service technicians from corporate partners?  

A. Guest account 
B. User account 
C. Shared account 
D. Privileged user account 
E. Default account 
F. Service account  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 593

 A security analyst is implementing PKI-based functionality to a web application that has the following requirements: - File contains certificate information - Certificate chains - Root authority certificates - Private key All of these components will be part of one file and cryptographically protected with a password. Given this scenario, which of the following certificate types should the analyst implement to BEST meet these requirements?  

A. .pfx certificate 
B. .cer certificate 
C. .der certificate 
D. .crt certificate  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 594

 Which of the following encryption algorithms is used primarily to secure data at rest?  

A. AES 
B. SSL 
C. TLS 
D. RSA  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 595

 A security auditor is performing a vulnerability scan to find out if mobile applications used in the organization are secure. The auditor discovers that one application has been accessed remotely with no legitimate account credentials. After investigating, it seems the application has allowed some users to bypass authentication of that application. Which of the following types of malware allow such a compromise to take place? (Choose two.)  

A. RAT 
B. Ransomware 
C. Worm 
D. Trojan 
E. Backdoor  

Correct Answer: AE


QUESTION 596

 An organization electronically processes sensitive data within a controlled facility. The Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) wants to limit emissions from emanating from the facility. Which of the following mitigates this risk?  

A. Upgrading facility cabling to a higher standard of protected cabling to reduce the likelihood of emission spillage 
B. Hardening the facility through the use of secure cabinetry to block emissions 
C. Hardening the facility with a Faraday cage to contain emissions produced from data processing 
D. Employing security guards to ensure unauthorized personnel remain outside of the facility  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 597

 As part of a corporate merger, two companies are combining resources. As a result, they must transfer files through the Internet in a secure manner. Which of the following protocols would BEST meet this objective? (Choose two.)  

A. LDAPS 
B. SFTP 
C. HTTPS 
D. DNSSEC 
E. SRTP  

Correct Answer: BC


QUESTION 598

 A company is deploying a file-sharing protocol access a network and needs to select a protocol for authenticating clients. Management requests that the service be configured in the most secure way possible. The protocol must also be capable of mutual authentication, and support SSO and smart card logons. Which of the following would BEST accomplish this task?  

A. Store credentials in LDAP 
B. Use NTLM authentication 
C. Implement Kerberos 
D. Use MSCHAP authentication  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 599

 A company wants to provide centralized authentication for its wireless system. The wireless authentication system must integrate with the directory back end. Which of the following is a AAA solution that will provide the required wireless authentication?  

A. TACACS+ 
B. MSCHAPv2 
C. RADIUS 
D. LDAP  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 600

 An incident response analyst at a large corporation is reviewing proxy data log. The analyst believes a malware infection may have occurred. Upon further review, the analyst determines the computer responsible for the suspicious network traffic is used by the Chief Executive Officer (CEO). Which of the following is the best NEXT step for the analyst to take?  

A. Call the CEO directly to ensure awareness of the event 
B. Run a malware scan on the CEO™s workstation 
C. Reimage the CEO™s workstation 
D. Disconnect the CEO™s workstation from the network  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 601

 A law office has been leasing dark fiber from a local telecommunications company to connect a remote office to company headquarters. The telecommunications company has decided to discontinue its dark fiber product and is offering an MPLS connection, which the law office feels is too expensive. Which of the following is the BEST solution for the law office?  

A. Remote access VPN 
B. VLAN 
C. VPN concentrator 
D. Site-to-site VPN  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 602

 An analyst is part of a team that is investigating a potential breach of sensitive data at a large financial services organization. The organization suspects a breach occurred when proprietary data was disclosed to the public. The team finds servers were accessed using shared credentials that have been in place for some time. In addition, the team discovers undocumented firewall rules, which provided unauthorized external access to a server. Suspecting the activities of a malicious insider threat, which of the following was MOST likely to have been utilized to exfiltrate the proprietary data?  

A. Keylogger 
B. Botnet 
C. Crypto-malware 
D. Backdoor 
E. Ransomware 
F. DLP  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 603

 An organization is providing employees on the shop floor with computers that will log their time based on when they sign on and off the network. Which of the following account types should the employees receive?  

A. Shared account 
B. Privileged account 
C. User account 
D. Service account  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 604

 A member of the human resources department is searching for candidate resumes and encounters the following error message when attempting to access popular job search websites:  Which of the following would resolve this issue without compromising the company™s security policies?  

A. Renew the DNS settings and IP address on the employee™s computer 
B. Add the employee to a less restrictive group on the content filter 
C. Remove the proxy settings from the employee™s web browser 
D. Create an exception for the job search sites in the host-based firewall on the employee™s computer  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 605

 A security analyst is reviewing the password policy for a service account that is used for a critical network service. The password policy for this account is as follows:    Which of the following adjustments would be the MOST appropriate for the service account?  

A. Disable account lockouts 
B. Set the maximum password age to 15 days 
C. Set the minimum password age to seven days 
D. Increase password length to 18 characters  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 606

 An employee in the finance department receives an email, which appears to come from the Chief Financial Officer (CFO), instructing the employee to immediately wire a large sum of money to a vendor. Which of the following BEST describes the principles of social engineering used? (Choose two.)  

A. Familiarity 
B. Scarcity 
C. Urgency 
D. Authority 
E. Consensus  

Correct Answer: CD


QUESTION 607

 A security administrator has replaced the firewall and notices a number of dropped connections. After looking at the data the security administrator sees the following information that was flagged as a possible issue: Which of the following can the security administrator determine from this?  

A. An SQL injection attack is being attempted 
B. Legitimate connections are being dropped 
C. A network scan is being done on the system 
D. An XSS attack is being attempted  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 608

 A penetration testing team deploys a specifically crafted payload to a web server, which results in opening a new session as the web server daemon. This session has full read/write access to the file system and the admin console. Which of the following BEST describes the attack?  

A. Domain hijacking 
B. Injection 
C. Buffer overflow 
D. Privilege escalation  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 609

 A corporation is concerned that, if a mobile device is lost, any sensitive information on the device could be accessed by third parties. Which of the following would BEST prevent this from happening?  

A. Initiate remote wiping on lost mobile devices 
B. Use FDE and require PINs on all mobile devices 
C. Use geolocation to track lost devices 
D. Require biometric logins on all mobile devices  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 610

 Ann, a security analyst, wants to implement a secure exchange of email. Which of the following is the BEST option for Ann to implement?  

A. PGP 
B. HTTPS 
C. WPA 
D. TLS  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 611

 After a security assessment was performed on the enterprise network, it was discovered that: 1. Configuration changes have been made by users without the consent of IT. 2. Network congestion has increased due to the use of social media. 3. Users are accessing file folders and network shares that are beyond the scope of their need to know. Which of the following BEST describe the vulnerabilities that exist in this environment? (Choose two.)  

A. Poorly trained users 
B. Misconfigured WAP settings 
C. Undocumented assets 
D. Improperly configured accounts 
E. Vulnerable business processes  

Correct Answer: AD


QUESTION 612

 A security administrator wants to determine if a company™s web servers have the latest operating system and application patches installed. Which of the following types of vulnerability scans should be conducted?  

A. Non-credentialed 
B. Passive 
C. Port 
D. Credentialed 
E. Red team 
F. Active  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 613

 During a recent audit, several undocumented and unpatched devices were discovered on the internal network. Which of the following can be done to prevent similar occurrences?  

A. Run weekly vulnerability scans and remediate any missing patches on all company devices 
B. Implement rogue system detection and configure automated alerts for new devices 
C. Install DLP controls and prevent the use of USB drives on devices 
D. Configure the WAPs to use NAC and refuse connections that do not pass the health check  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 614

 A company needs to implement a system that only lets a visitor use the company™s network infrastructure if the visitor acceps the AUP. Which of the following should the company use?  

A. WiFi-protected setup 
B. Password authentication protocol 
C. Captive portal 
D. RADIUS  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 615

 An analyst is currently looking at the following output:  Which of the following security issues has been discovered based on the output?  

A. Insider threat 
B. License compliance violation 
C. Unauthorized software 
D. Misconfigured admin permissions  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 616

 A company has purchased a new SaaS application and is in the process of configuring it to meet the company™s needs. The director of security has requested that the SaaS application be integrated into the company™s IAM processes. Which of the following configurations should the security administrator set up in order to complete this request?  

A. LDAP 
B. RADIUS 
C. SAML 
D. NTLM  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 617

 An organization wants to implement a method to correct risks at the system/application layer. Which of the following is the BEST method to accomplish this goal?  

A. IDS/IPS 
B. IP tunneling 
C. Web application firewall 
D. Patch management  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 618

 A company recently updated its website to increase sales. The new website uses PHP forms for leads and provides a directory with sales staff and their phone numbers. A systems administrator is concerned with the new website and provides the following log to support the concern:  Which of the following is the systems administrator MOST likely to suggest to the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) based on the above?  

A. Changing the account standard naming convention 
B. Implementing account lockouts 
C. Discontinuing the use of privileged accounts 
D. Increasing the minimum password length from eight to ten characters  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 619

 A company hired a firm to test the security posture of its database servers and determine if any vulnerabilities can be exploited. The company provided limited information pertaining to the infrastructure and database server. Which of the following forms of testing does this BEST describe?  

A. Black box 
B. Gray box 
C. White box 
D. Vulnerability scanning  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 620

 When considering IoT systems, which of the following represents the GREATEST ongoing risk after a vulnerability has been discovered?  

A. Difficult-to-update firmware 
B. Tight integration to existing systems 
C. IP address exhaustion 
D. Not using industry standards  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 621

 A systems administrator has been assigned to create accounts for summer interns. The interns are only authorized to be in the facility and operate computers under close supervision. They must also leave the facility at designated times each day. However, the interns can access intern file folders without supervision. Which of the following represents the BEST way to configure the accounts? (Select TWO.)  

A. Implement time-of-day restrictions. 
B. Modify archived data. 
C. Access executive shared portals. 
D. Create privileged accounts. 
E. Enforce least privilege.  

Correct Answer: AD


QUESTION 622

 An attachment that was emailed to finance employees contained an embedded message. The security administrator investigates and finds the intent was to conceal the embedded information from public view. Which of the following BEST describes this type of message?  

A. Obfuscation 
B. Stenography 
C. Diffusion 
D. BCRYPT  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 623

 If two employees are encrypting traffic between them using a single encryption key, which of the following agorithms are they using?  

A. RSA 
B. 3DES 
C. DSA 
D. SHA-2  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 624

 An organization hosts a public-facing website that contains a login page for users who are registered and authorized to access a secure, non-public section of the site. That non-public site hosts information that requires multifactor authentication for access. Which of the following access management approaches would be the BEST practice for the organization?  

A. Username/password with TOTP 
B. Username/password with pattern matching 
C. Username/password with a PIN 
D. Username/password with a CAPTCHA  

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 625

 A security administrator needs to configure remote access to a file share so it can only be accessed between the hours of 9:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. Files in the share can only be accessed by members of the same department as the data owner. Users should only be able to create files with approved extensions, which may differ by department. Which of the following access controls would be the MOST appropriate for this situation?  

A. RBAC 
B. MAC 
C. ABAC 
D. DAC  

Correct Answer: C 


QUESTION 626

  Confidential corporate data was recently stolen by an attacker who exploited data transport protections.   Which of the following vulnerabilities is the MOST likely cause of this data breach?   

A. Resource exhaustion on VPN concentrators  
B. Weak SSL cipher strength  
C. Improper input handling on FTP site  
D. Race condition on packet inspection firewall   

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 627

  A member of the human resources department received the following email message after sending an email containing benefit  and tax information to a candidate:   ﬁYour message has been quarantined for the following policy violation: external potential_PI
I. Please contact the IT security  administrator for further detailsﬂ.   Which of the following BEST describes why this message was received?   

A. The DLP system flagged the message.  
B. The mail gateway prevented the message from being sent to personal email addresses.  
C. The company firewall blocked the recipient™s IP address.  
D. The file integrity check failed for the attached files.  

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 628

  A security analyst is checking log files and finds the following entries:    Which of the following is MOST likely happening?   

A. A hacker attempted to pivot using the web server interface.  
B. A potential hacker could be banner grabbing to determine what architecture is being used.  
C. The DNS is misconfigured for the server™s IP address.  
D. A server is experiencing a DoS, and the request is timing out,   

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 629

  After discovering the /etc/shadow file had been rewritten, a security administrator noticed an application insecurely creating  files in / tmp.   Which of the following vulnerabilities has MOST likely been exploited?   

A. Privilege escalation  
B. Resource exhaustion  
C. Memory leak  
D. Pointer dereference   

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 630

  A security analyst is specifying requirements for a wireless network. The analyst must explain the security features provided by  various architecture choices.  Which of the following is provided by PEAP, EAP-TLS, and EAP-TTLS?   

A. Key rotation  
B. Mutual authentication  
C. Secure hashing  
D. Certificate pinning   

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 631

  A company is planning to build an internal website that allows for access to outside contracts and partners. A majority of the  content will only be to internal employees with the option to share.   Which of the following concepts is MOST appropriate?   

A. VPN  
B. Proxy  
C. DMZ  
D. Extranet   

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 632

  A staff member contacts the help desk because the staff member™s device is currently experiencing the following symptoms:  · Long delays when launching applications  · Timeout errors when loading some websites  · Errors when attempting to open local Word documents and photo files  · Pop-up messages in the task bar stating that antivirus is out-of-date  · VPN connection that keeps timing out, causing the device to lose connectivity  · Which of the following BEST describes the root cause of these symptoms?   

A. The user has disabled the antivirus software on the device, and the hostchecker for the VPN is preventing access.  
B. The device is infected with crypto-malware, and the files on the device are being encrypted.  
C. The proxy server for accessing websites has a rootkit installed, and this is causing connectivity issues.  
D. A patch has been incorrectly applied to the device and is causing issues with the wireless adapter on the device.   

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 633

  A small organization has implemented a rogue system detection solution. Which of the following BEST explains the  organization™s intent?   

A. To identify weak ciphers being used on the network  
B. To identify assets on the network that are subject to resource exhaustion  
C. To identify end-of-life systems still in use on the network  
D. To identify assets that are not authorized for use on the network   

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 634

  Which of the following is used to encrypt web application data?   

A. MD5  
B. AES  
C. SHA  
D. DHA   

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 635

  Which of the following uses tokens between the identity provider and the service provider to authenticate and authorize users  to resources?   

A. RADIUS  
B. SSH  
C. OAuth  
D. MSCHAP   

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 636

  A company has won an important government contract. Several employees have been transferred from their existing projects  to support a new contract. Some of the employees who have transferred will be working long hours and still need access to  their project information to transition work to their replacements.   Which of the following should be implemented to validate that the appropriate offboarding process has been followed?   

A. Separation of duties  
B. Time-of-day restrictions  
C. Permission auditing  
D. Mandatory access control   

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 637

  Which of the following are considered to be ﬁsomething you doﬂ? (Choose two.)   

A. Iris scan  
B. Handwriting  
C. CAC card  
D. Gait  
E. PIN  
F. Fingerprint   

Correct Answer: BD


QUESTION 638

  A user needs to transmit confidential information to a third party.   Which of the following should be used to encrypt the message?   

A. AES  
B. SHA-2  
C. SSL  
D. RSA   

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 639

  A security analyst believes an employee™s workstation has been compromised. The analyst reviews the system logs, but does  not find any attempted logins. The analyst then runs the diff command, comparing the C:\Windows\System32 directory and  the installed cache directory. The analyst finds a series of files that look suspicious.   One of the files contains the following commands:    Which of the following types of malware was used?   

A. Worm  
B. Spyware  
C. Logic bomb  
D. Backdoor   

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 640

  Which of the following access management concepts is MOST closely associated with the use of a password or PIN??   

A. Authorization  
B. Authentication  
C. Accounting  
D. Identification   

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 641

  An organization employee resigns without giving adequate notice. The following day, it is determined that the employees is still  in possession of several company-owned mobile devices.  Which of the following could have reduced the risk of this occurring? (Choose two.)   

A. Proper offboarding procedures  
B. Acceptable use policies  
C. Non-disclosure agreements  
D. Exit interviews  
E. Background checks  
F. Separation of duties   

Correct Answer: AD


QUESTION 642

  Which of the following differentiates ARP poisoning from a MAC spoofing attack?   

A. ARP poisoning uses unsolicited ARP replies.  
B. ARP poisoning overflows a switch™s CAM table.  
C. MAC spoofing uses DHCPOFFER/DHCPACK packets.  
D. MAC spoofing can be performed across multiple routers.   

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 643

  A security administrator has completed a monthly review of DNS server query logs. The administrator notices continuous name  resolution attempts from a large number of internal hosts to a single Internet addressable domain name. The security  administrator then correlated those logs with the establishment of persistent TCP connections out to this domain. The  connections seem to be carrying on the order of kilobytes of data per week.   Which of the following is the MOST likely explanation for this company?   

A. An attacker is infiltrating large amounts of proprietary company data.  
B. Employees are playing multiplayer computer games.  
C. A worm is attempting to spread to other hosts via SMB exploits.  
D. Internal hosts have become members of a botnet.   

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 644

  An audit found that an organization needs to implement job rotation to be compliant with regulatory requirements. To prevent  unauthorized access to systems after an individual changes roles or departments, which of the following should the  organization implement?   

A. Permission auditing and review  
B. Exit interviews  
C. Offboarding  
D. Multifactor authentication   

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 645

  A company has just completed a vulnerability scan of its servers. A legacy application that monitors the HVAC system in the  datacenter presents several challenges, as the application vendor is no longer in business.   Which of the following secure network architecture concepts would BEST protect the other company servers if the legacy  server were to be exploited?   

A. Virtualization  
B. Air gap  
C. VLAN  
D. Extranet   

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 646

  Which of the following methods is used by internal security teams to assess the security of internally developed applications?   

A. Active reconnaissance  
B. Pivoting  
C. White box testing  
D. Persistence   

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 647

  A company wants to implement a wireless network with the following requirements:   · All wireless users will have a unique credential.  · User certificates will not be required for authentication.  · The company™s AAA infrastructure must be utilized.  · Local hosts should not store authentication tokens.  Which of the following should be used in the design to meet the requirements?   

A. EAP-TLS  
B. WPS  
C. PSK  
D. PEAP   

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 648

  A technician has discovered a crypto-virus infection on a workstation that has access to sensitive remote resources.   Which of the following is the immediate NEXT step the technician should take?   

A. Determine the source of the virus that has infected the workstation.  
B. Sanitize the workstation™s internal drive.  
C. Reimage the workstation for normal operation.  
D. Disable the network connections on the workstation.   

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 649

  A user is unable to open a file that has a grayed-out icon with a lock. The user receives a pop-up message indicating that  payment must be sent in Bitcoin to unlock the file. Later in the day, other users in the organization lose the ability to open files  on the server.   Which of the following has MOST likely occurred? (Choose three.)   

A. Crypto-malware  
B. Adware  
C. Botnet attack  
D. Virus  
E. Ransomware  
F. Backdoor  
G. DDoS attack   

Correct Answer: ADE


QUESTION 650

  A security administrator is configuring a RADIUS server for wireless authentication. The configuration must ensure client  credentials are encrypted end-to-end between the client and the authenticator.   Which of the following protocols should be configured on the RADIUS server? (Choose two.)   

A. PAP  
B. MSCHAP  
C. PEAP  
D. NTLM  
E. SAML   

Correct Answer: BC


QUESTION 651

  A security engineer implements multiple technical measures to secure an enterprise network. The engineer also works with the  Chief Information Officer (CIO) to implement policies to govern user behavior.   Which of the following strategies is the security engineer executing?   

A. Baselining  
B. Mandatory access control  
C. Control diversity  
D. System hardening   

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 652

  A security analyst identified an SQL injection attack.   Which of the following is the FIRST step in remediating the vulnerability?   

A. Implement stored procedures.  
B. Implement proper error handling.  
C. Implement input validations.  
D. Implement a WAF.  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 653

  Joe, a contractor, is hired by a firm to perform a penetration test against the firm™s infrastructure. When conducting the scan,  he receives only the network diagram and the network list to scan against the network.   Which of the following scan types is Joe performing?   

A. Authenticated  
B. White box  
C. Automated  
D. Gray box   

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 654

  Which of the following types of security testing is the MOST cost-effective approach used to analyze existing code and identity  areas that require patching?   

A. Black box  
B. Gray box  
C. White box  
D. Red team   

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 655

  Which of the following needs to be performed during a forensics investigation to ensure the data contained in a drive image  has not been compromised?   

A. Follow the proper chain of custody procedures.  
B. Compare the image hash to the original hash.  
C. Ensure a legal hold has been placed on the image.  
D. Verify the time offset on the image file.   

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 656

  A company is performing an analysis of the corporate enterprise network with the intent of identifying any one system, person,  function, or service that, when neutralized, will cause or cascade disproportionate damage to the company™s revenue, referrals,  and reputation.   Which of the following an element of the BIA that this action is addressing?   

A. Identification of critical systems  
B. Single point of failure  
C. Value assessment  
D. Risk register   

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 657

  An analyst generates the following color-coded table shown in the exhibit to help explain the risk of potential incidents in the  company. The vertical axis indicates the likelihood or an incident, while the horizontal axis indicates the impact.   Which of the following is this table an example of?   

A. Internal threat assessment  
B. Privacy impact assessment  
C. Qualitative risk assessment  
D. Supply chain assessment  

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 658

  An office recently completed digitizing all its paper records. Joe, the data custodian, has been tasked with the disposal of the  paper files, which include:  · Intellectual property  · Payroll records  · Financial information  · Drug screening results  Which of the following is the BEST way to dispose of these items?   

A. Schredding  
B. Pulping  
C. Deidentifying  
D. Recycling   

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 659

  Upon learning about a user who has reused the same password for the past several years, a security specialist reviews the  logs. The following is an extraction of the report after the most recent password change requirement:   Which of the following security controls is the user™s behaviour targeting?   

A. Password expiration  
B. Password history  
C. Password complexity  
D. Password reuse   

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 660

  In a lessons learned report, it is suspected that a well-organized, well-funded, and extremely sophisticated group of attackers  may have been responsible for a breach at a nuclear facility.   Which of the following describes the type of actors that may have been implicated?   

A. Nation state  
B. Hacktivist  
C. Insider  
D. Competitor   

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 661

  A security administrator is analyzing a user report in which the computer exhibits odd network-related outages. The  administrator, however, does not see any suspicious process running. A prior technician™s notes indicate the machine has been  remediated twice, but the system still exhibits odd behavior. Files were deleted from the system recently.   Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of this behavior?   

A. Crypto-malware  
B. Rootkit  
C. Logic bomb  
D. Session hijacking   

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 662

  Joe, a member of the sales team, recently logged into the company servers after midnight local time to download the daily lead  form before his coworkers did. Management has asked the security team to provide a method for detecting this type of  behavior without impeding the access for sales employee as they travel overseas.   Which of the following would be the BEST method to achieve this objective?   

A. Configure time-of-day restrictions for the sales staff.  
B. Install DLP software on the devices used by sales employees.  
C. Implement a filter on the mail gateway that prevents the lead from being emailed.  
D. Create an automated alert on the SIEM for anomalous sales team activity.   

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 663

  A security administrator wants to implement least privilege access for a network share that stores sensitive company data. The  organization is particularly concerned with the integrity of data and implementing discretionary access control. The following  controls are available:   · Read = A user can read the content of an existing file.  · White = A user can modify the content of an existing file and delete an existing file.  · Create = A user can create a new file and place data within the file.   A missing control means the user does not have that access. Which of the following configurations provides the appropriate  control to support the organization/s requirements?   

A. Owners: Read, Write, Create  Group Members: Read, Write  Others: Read, Create  
B. Owners: Read, Create  Group Members: Read, Write, Create  Others: Read  
C. Owners: Read, Write  Group Members: Read, Create  Others: Read, Create  
D. Owners: Write, Create  Group Members: Read, Create  Others: Read, Write, Create Others: Read, Write, Create   

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 664

  After reports of slow internet connectivity, a technician reviews the following logs from a server™s host-based firewall:   Which of the following can the technician conclude after reviewing the above logs?   

A. The server is under a DDoS attack from multiple geographic locations.  
B. The server is compromised, and is attacking multiple hosts on the Internet.  
C. The server is under an IP spoofing resource exhaustion attack.  
D. The server is unable to complete the TCP three-way handshake and send the last ACK.   

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 665

  A company utilizes 802.11 for all client connectivity within a facility. Users in one part of the building are reporting they are  unable to access company resources when connected to the company SSID.  Which of the following should the security administrator use to assess connectivity?   

A. Sniffer  
B. Honeypot  
C. Routing tables  
D. Wireless scanner   

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 666

   Which of the following strategies helps reduce risk if a rollback is needed when upgrading a critical system platform?   

A. Non-persistent configuration  
B. Continuous monitoring  
C. Firmware updates  
D. Fault tolerance   

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 667

  A security administrator is creating a risk assessment with regard to how to harden internal communications in transit between  servers.   Which of the following should the administrator recommend in the report?   

A. Configure IPSec in transport mode.  
B. Configure server-based PKI certificates.  
C. Configure the GRE tunnel.  
D. Configure a site-to-site tunnel.  

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 668

  A company is executing a strategy to encrypt and sign all proprietary data in transit. The company recently deployed PKI  services to support this strategy.  Which of the following protocols supports the strategy and employs certificates generated by the PKI? (Choose three.)   

A. S/MIME  
B. TLS  
C. SFTP  
D. SAML  
E. SIP  
F. IPSec  
G. Kerberos   

Correct Answer: ABC


QUESTION 669

  A security specialist is notified about a certificate warning that users receive when using a new internal website. After being  given the URL from one of the users and seeing the warning, the security specialist inspects the certificate and realizes it has  been issued to the IP address, which is how the developers reach the site.   Which of the following would BEST resolve the issue?   

A. OSCP  
B. OID  
C. PEM  
D. SAN   

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 670

  Joe, an employee, asks a coworker how long ago Ann started working at the help desk. The coworker expresses surprise  since nobody named Ann works at the help desk. Joe mentions that Ann called several people in the customer service  department to help reset their passwords over the phone due to unspecified ﬁserver issuesﬂ.   Which of the following has occurred?   

A. Social engineering  
B. Whaling  
C. Watering hole attack  
D. Password cracking   

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 671

  Hacktivists are most commonly motivated by:   

A. curiosity  
B. notoriety  
C. financial gain  
D. political cause   

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 672

  A systems administrator is configuring a new network switch for TACACS+ management and authentication.  Which of the following must be configured to provide authentication between the switch and the TACACS+ server?   

A. 802.1X  
B. SSH  
C. Shared secret  
D. SNMPv3  
E. CHAP   

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 673

  A security analyst monitors the syslog server and notices the following:    

A. Memory leak  
B. Buffer overflow  
C. Null pointer deference  
D. Integer overflow   

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 674

  A security, who is analyzing the security of the company™s web server, receives the following output:   Which of the following is the issue?   

A. Code signing  
B. Stored procedures  
C. Access violations  
D. Unencrypted credentials   

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 675

  Which of the following is an example of resource exhaustion?   

A. A penetration tester requests every available IP address from a DHCP server.  
B. An SQL injection attack returns confidential data back to the browser.  
C. Server CPU utilization peaks at 100% during the reboot process.  
D. System requirements for a new software package recommend having 12GB of RAM, but only BGB are available.   

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 676

  A security consultant is setting up a new electronic messaging platform and wants to ensure the platform supports message  integrity validation.   Which of the following protocols should the consultant recommend?   

A. S/MIME  
B. DNSSEC  
C. RADIUS  
D. 802.11x   

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 677

  Datacenter employees have been battling alarms in a datacenter that has been experiencing hotter than normal temperatures.  The server racks are designed so all 48 rack units are in use, and servers are installed in any manner in which the technician  can get them installed.   Which of the following practices would BEST alleviate the heat issues and keep costs low?   

A. Utilize exhaust fans.  
B. Use hot and cold aisles.  
C. Airgap the racks.  
D. Use a secondary AC unit.   

Correct Answer: B


QUESTION 678

  When accessing a popular website, a user receives a warming that the certificate for the website is not valid. Upon  investigation, it was noted that the certificate is not revoked and the website is working fine for other users.   Which of the following is the MOST likely cause for this?   

A. The certificate is corrupted on the server.  
B. The certificate was deleted from the local cache.  
C. The user needs to restart the machine.  
D. The system date on the user™s device is out of sync.   

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 679

  A company wishes to move all of its services and applications to a cloud provider but wants to maintain full control of the  deployment, access, and provisions of its services to its users.  Which of the following BEST represents the required cloud deployment model?   

A. SaaS  
B. IaaS  
C. MaaS  
D. Hybrid  
E. Private   

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 680

  A systems administrator has created network file shares for each department with associated security groups for each role  within the organization.  Which of the following security concepts is the systems administrator implementing?   

A. Separation of duties  
B. Permission auditing  
C. Least privilege  
D. Standard naming conversation   

Correct Answer: C


QUESTION 681

  A technician has installed a new AAA server, which will be used by the network team to control access to a company™s routers  and switches. The technician completes the configuration by adding the network team members to the NETWORK_TEAM  group, and then adding the NETWORK_TEAM group to the appropriate ALLOW_ACCESS access list. Only members of the  network team should have access to the company™s routers and switches.   Members of the network team successfully test their ability to log on to various network devices configured to use the AAA  server. Weeks later, an auditor asks to review the following access log sample:   Which of the following should the auditor recommend based on the above information?   

A. Configure the ALLOW_ACCESS group logic to use AND rather than OR.  
B. Move the NETWORK_TEAM group to the top of the ALLOW_ACCESS access list.  
C. Disable groups nesting for the ALLOW_ACCESS group in the AAA server.  
D. Remove the DOMAIN_USERS group from ALLOW_ACCESS group.   

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 682

   A security technician has been given the task of preserving emails that are potentially involved in a dispute between a company  and a contractor.  Which of the following BEST describes this forensic concept?   

A. Legal hold  
B. Chain of custody  
C. Order of volatility  
D. Data acquisition   

Correct Answer: A


QUESTION 683

  Which of the following outcomes is a result of proper error-handling procedures in secure code?   

A. Execution continues with no notice or logging of the error condition.  
B. Minor fault conditions result in the system stopping to preserve state.  
C. The program runs through to completion with no detectable impact or output.  
D. All fault conditions are logged and do not result in a program crash.   

Correct Answer: D


QUESTION 684

 Which of the following enables sniffing attacks against a switched network?   

A. ARP poisoning  
B. IGMP snooping  
C. IP spoofing  
D. SYN flooding   

Correct Answer: A




END
